- A proletariat is a term used among communists, which is describing people who doesn't have any assets in the world, other than the labor power they can provide to the economy. For example, a man that lives in a rented apartment, and every single day he has to operate a machine to earn a wage. The wage can only cover the living expense of him and his family. Or a women who is working in a washing factory, washing clothes that earn a living without savings.
- A proletariat may be caused by situations and oppression in the old days, as all men and women from the farm rushed to the cities to earn more money, experience a more dynamic lifestyle and join a more resilient and fun community. But in the current world, a proletariat may become one because of a less situational reason but more of a personal choice of lifestyle. People become a proletariat by choice, even in the third and forth tiers cities in China. Usually people become a proletariat because of a set of mindset.
- But what is wrong with being a proletariat? As a libertarian I usually don't have any issue for personal choices. I just don't care. Pro-life or pro-choice? I don't care. You smoke cigarettes or cannabis? I don't care. You are gay or fluid? I just don't care. 
- Not for a proletariat. They are destructive towards the progress and freedom of the world, especially in the current hyper-connected and filled with mob mentality world. They are 
- Everyone could be a bit proletariat from time to time. But they are the destructive force.
