- learn software architecture from the least expected place
- When I brought my son to a toy store yesterday, I saw 3 different trucks that is extremely diverse in colors and types. But on a closer look, I saw a lot of similarity — the shape of the driver’s seat, the function as a push and spring car. Even the sounds emitted when I pressed the buttons on the top are the same. This is a genius way to build new products without incurring a large up-front cost. It is also a perfect example of an abstract concept in software architecture — platform and composability.
- (img)
- These 3 car toys are built on the same chassis. The customizable parts are the paint and the load. Put a turnable ladder on the back and paint it red, you get a fire truck. Put a container and paint it white and green, you get a dumpster truck. Put a mixing drum and paint it yellow, you get a cement truck.
- The same goes for some of the software you are using. Developers can configure it differently to solve the “same” problem you are facing in different contexts. For example, you can use WordPress to publish a blog AND set up an e-commerce site. You might ask how come? Turns out, the data model can be the same for a blog and an e-commerce site — they can be seen as content management. The data model is similar to the chassis here. It provides a platform for customization to suite different business needs in content management.
- A good software architect can learn how to build your software from this series of toy truck. The module interface between the chassis and load is well-defined. I can also envision the painting machine probably needs to be configurable for different types of truck. If you build your software with this in mind, you can enable your software to enter some unexpected fields and help your company to grow without a lot of product development cost.
