- 0:00 - 00:45 Long chat with [[Vincent Lau]]
    - He is restarting and try to do things that are responding to his calling.
    - He thinks my [[soul]] is damaged by the experience in [[GOGOX]] and it put out the passion in my life.
    - He perceives my life time goal and passion is to [[Build a world class team to build a world class product]], which is very accurate.
    - I love the candid feedback that I am able to construct with him by [[paying forward]] and say something that I want to say to him for the longest time.
        - He is treating himself too bad by critizing himself too harshly. It is counterproductive.
- 12:00 Restarting the graph here and dump all the block from the old graph except the 
    - Why?
        - As of [[Carl Jung]] said, if you want to fix the mind of someone, you need to fix the environment
- Updating my [[[[Gilbert Wat]]'s [[creative]] [[system]]]]
- 14:30 [[GOGOEnergy]] with [[Nick Tang]]
    - The current tech challenges in [[GOGOEnergy]]
        - Poor Documentation of the business
            - System
            - Operational SOP
        - Admin Panel for CS colleagues
            - Always down
        - A messy DB structure
            - There is a security concern to give the data access to TW team
                - HKID + Phone Number + Payment Info
                - [[Nick Tang]] need a face to face confirmation
        - There is a lot of Hubspot integration
        - SOP automation
            - Monthly report and analysis are all manually generated by manager
        - Objective: Reach 10000 active users in 2022
    - Long term vision: GOGOClub (High frequency + necessary)
        - It is a concept of online car owner club
            - Fuel card
            - Insurance
            - Gov Doc
            - Maintanence
            - Cosmetic
    - Interesting findings:
        - There was a feature in the legacy driver app that can allow [[[[GOGOX]] Driver App]] to customize offering in the app, providing drivers a lot of adjacent offering such as cleaning, insurance ...etc. to enhance the our retention of drivers. [[Nick Tang]] missed it dearly as it is a very good ground of experiments for GOGOClub offerings
    - I promised [[Nick Tang]] to construct a plan for [[GOGOEnergy]] to navigate through the problem
        - [[[[GOGOEnergy]] 2022 Tech Plan]]
    - [[decided]] Disclose I am going to leave the company very soon in 
- 16:15 updated [[css]]
- 17:00 [[Interview]] for [[Grantits.io]] [[Data Scientist]]
    - Data analyst experience
        - Have a lot of experience communicating and executing reports and dashboard with business
            - But in the interview, I cannot sense his deep understanding of business.
    - Data engineer experience
        - Have a lot of experience in maintaining and developing [[ETL]] jobs.
    - Data scientist experience
        - Have production experience about deploying a machine learning model to the product
        - [[machine learning]]
        - I don't think he is very well experienced about the crucial elements of [[machine learning]]
            - Feature selection
            - Model selection
            - Category selection
        - He has an awareness of the connection between product, business and engineering metric is weak but he lacks know how to fix it.
    - Culture
        - Very proactive
    - Suggestions
        - Wait a bit and see if there is more candidates, intermediate level IC2/3/4, Tech inclined data analyst
    - I also don't think I am very well prepared about this interview
    - Improvement
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Any improvement can be made in Interviewing data related role?
