- 09:30
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Decide on the action plan on [[Ken Chow]] transition
        - {{[[DONE]]}} AKA what is my [[job description]] for Senior [[[[UI]]/[[UX]]]] [[design]]ers
            - Output
                - We are looking for designers who
                    - Must have
                        - Output consistent and desirable UI/UX mockups for engineers to implement
                        - Uphold the quality of our digital product(s) in UI/UX.
                        - Align and improve the standard of design team by hosting design critiques or other communication channels
                    - Should have
                        - Gather inputs from different stakeholders and clients
                        - Research on user behaviors qualitatively and quantitatively.
                        - High ownership on the product quality.
                        - Data analysis and user research experience.
                - You are a...
                    - Must have
                        - detail-minded. You will stressed about the smallest pixels and interactions, believing the nitty gritty details are key to building a great product.
                        - Keen to build a great product. You take pride on the quality of output.
                        - team player and believing building a great product is a teamwork.
                        - experience in working with software engineers, product managers and quality analyst.
                    - Should have
                        - can gone scrappy and can quickly illustrate to the point.
                        - designer with printed design experience
                        - designer with omni-channel experience
                        - Sifu level in using Figma
                        - believe sharing is caring. You are keen to share and learn your design knowledge with everyone.
                - We offers ...
- 10:00
    - [[Tommie Lo]] on [[Data]] Moved to [[July 20th, 2022]] 10:00
        - Build the experimental mindset in Data team
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Schedule meeting with Data team
- 12:00 
    - Reading https://www.leanix.net/en/wiki/vsm/dora-metrics to measure success for [[ideal team]] as [[engineering [[management]]]] in [[software development]]
        - [[DORA [[metric]]]] from [[Devops]]
            - Deployment Frequency
            - Lead time of Changes
            - Median time of Recovery
            - Change Failure Rate
- 14:00
    - Continue {{[[DONE]]}} AKA what is my [[job description]] for Senior [[[[UI]]/[[UX]]]] [[design]]ers
- 15:30
    - [[1:1]] with [[Alexander Li]]
        - Gauge the appetite of experimentation to follow up on Build the experimental mindset in Data team
            - Should be ok
        - Marry [[March 1st, 2023]]
- 16:30
    - [[1:1]] with [[Ben Cheng]]
        - Tactics to motivate [[Ehsan Ayaz]]
            - Be radically candor with the perceived effect of [[Ben Cheng]]'s pushing on [[Ehsan Ayaz]]
        - Tactic to tackle unfairness in career ladder.
            - Wait for time to treat it.
- 17:00
    - All Hands
- 18:17
    - ((b0k_TvUPK))
        - Migraine strike
            - Creativity Surge before that
            - Should be because of calories deficiency
