- https://www.cambridge.org/core/elements/hong-kong/52262049437D84C544F8C1B04BCE7C94?fs=e&s=cl
- Read https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.12701.pdf 
    - [[Why are we reading this?]]  
        - This paper is about teaching grade 4-5 students.  
        - We can gain more insights on:  
            - How we can test if the student understand the material or not? #[[Problems backlog]]  
            - How can we deliver quality content in a very short time constraint? #[[Problems backlog]]  
            - [[state machine]] is an essential [[software engineering]] concept a legit [[software engineer]] must be able to master.  
    - [[Literature Notes]]  
        - Interview instructors to identify gaps and opportunities in creating an online environment.  
        - [[Model-Driven Engineering]] is used to teach [[state machine]].  
        - [[Event-Driven Programming]] is used to teach [[state machine]].  
        - [[Norman’s principles]]  
        - Most of our outreach activities are time-constrained, so our initial test was restricted to 3.5 hours per class of virtual instruction, followed by one hour of challenges a week later.  
            - How can we deliver quality content in a very short time constraint?  
        - RQ1 Do grade 4-5 students demonstrate an understanding of [[State Diagram]] s by being able to translate between different representations?  
        - RQ2 Do grade 4-5 students demonstrate equal facility for translating between different representations of state diagrams?  
        - RQ3 Can grade 4-5 students understand the role of [[reachability]] ?  
        - RQ4 Are grade 4-5 students engaged by state diagrams and their applications to adventure games?  
        - RQ5 Do grade 4-5 students understand [[abstract states]] and [[concrete states]] equally well? We define concrete to be physical places as opposed to abstract states such as “being free”. Will students presented with concrete states generalize to abstract states without prompting?  
        - Wordathon is one of the [[Massive collaborative programming tasks]].  
            - How can we deliver quality content in a very short time constraint?  
        - Comic book storytelling is one of the [[Massive collaborative programming tasks]].  
            - How can we deliver quality content in a very short time constraint?  
        - The current approach of teaching programming as a set of instructions like a recipe.  
            - How can we deliver quality content in a very short time constraint?  
        - [[Coding as Another Language]] can be a more robust argument to promote coding to kids.  
            - #marketing  
        - Median solution is a way to represent common solution from the challenge.  
        - [[Anderson-Darling single-sample test]] is to answer if the data is coming from a certain distribution.  
        - [[Anderson-Darling single-sample test]] is also to answer RQ3 Can grade 4-5 students understand the role of [[reachability]] ?  
        - [[cumulative probability distribution]] for the number of states reachable from the starting state enable [[Anderson-Darling single-sample test]].  
        - By the empirical [[cumulative probability distribution]]  
        - [[p-value]] is to describe how likely you are to reject the [[null hypothesis]] .  
        - Smaller the [[p-value]] is, less likely the [[null hypothesis]] is true.  
        - [[null hypothesis]] is that there is no relationship between your variables of interest.  
        - By comparing the distribution of features in randomly generated graphs and student generated graph, we can conclude the graphs from student is not generated randomly, showing an understanding of reachability.  
            - How we can test if the student understand the material or not?  
        - pedagogy  
