- Research on hard tech in [[Preface]]
    - related to Research on valuation related research projects
    - What big topic should [[Preface]] be focusing on?
        - [[web3]]
        - [[Knowledge Base]] to support the company direction of a scalable and customizable 
        - [[Education]]
    - We are exploring the use of [[logseq]] to do collaboration just because of the cost issue
    - We are looking into using logseq to organize our knowledge more efficiently.  
        - The requirement of a [[Knowledge Base]] should be:  
            - It is easy to write and contribute into.  
            - We can easier retrieve knowledge from it.  
            - Knowledge are easily grouped and categorized so we can produce new insights and knowledge easily.  
                - Knowledge are easily grouped and categorized  
                    - so we can produce new insights and knowledge easily.  
    - [https://arxiv.org/archive/cs](https://arxiv.org/archive/cs) as one of the #resources of [[Research]] in [[Preface]]  
    - Topics we should focus on  
        - [[AI]]: [current month](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.AI/current)  
        - [[database]]: [current month](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.DB/current)  
        - [[Knowledge Base]]: [[information retrieval]] [current month](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.IR/current)  
            - Maybe related to The requirement of a [[Knowledge Base]] should be:  
        - [[Knowledge Base]]: [[Information theory]] [current month](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.IT/current)  
        - [[software engineer]]: [current month](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.SE/current)  
    - [[routine]]s we are experimenting:  
        - Selecting a research paper to read  
        - [[Problems backlog]] enhancement  
        - [[Prototypes]]  
        - [[Public datasets]] exploration  
    - [[Public datasets]] #resources
        - [https://huggingface.co/](https://huggingface.co/)  
        - [https://datasetsearch.research.google.com/](https://datasetsearch.research.google.com/)  
        - [https://paperswithcode.com/datasets](https://paperswithcode.com/datasets)  
- 15:26  
    - [[Gilbert Wat]] reads https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01722.pdf  
        - A Causal Approach for Business Optimization:  
            - Application on an Online Marketplace  
        - [[Why I am reading this?]]  
            - It could be related to  
                - How to recommend content to our customers?
                - How to increase the efficiency of sales?  
            - [[causal inference]] is a term that is always coming up recently about [[AI]], we need to see what is it and its application.  
            - Worthy.com is a high-touch business too, could be relatable for our VIP layer of customers.  
            - Vian.ai and Worthy.com has a similar relationship between our AI team and Sales team.
        - [[Literature Notes]]
            - Use [[causal inference]] to help decide if the account executives should or should not contact the customers to increase sales  
            - The recommendation of contact policy is personalized, possibly related to How to recommend content to our customers? and How to increase the efficiency of sales?    
            - Currently more sales organizations are using  [[AI]] solution to predict which lead will likely convert to prioritize efforts on closing the deals. related to How to increase the efficiency of sales?  
            - Big assumption of this paper is that whether the lead will convert is independent.
                - Not applicable to [[Preface]]
            - [[Factual outcome]] is a term means a single action that leads to the only observed outcome.  
            - [[Counterfactual outcome]] is the other outcome(s) that other possible actions could have taken.  
            - Based on the feature of customers, we predict the effect of actions based on whether [[conditional average treatment effect]] is positive  
            - [[conditional average treatment effect]] is the difference in probability if we take action A or not.  
            - Data is collected from prior data rather than using real data to minimize business impact.  
            - [[conditional average treatment effect]] estimation is straight forward in [[randomized data]].  
            - [[conditional average treatment effect]] estimation is not straight forward in non-[[randomized data]].  
                - There is other resources on that if we choose to go into this rabbit hole.  
            - The [[data collection]] is very accommodative to the business, respecting the prioritization of account executives.  
            - [[feature selection]] is to select features for the machine learning model as parameters.  
            - [[uplift modeling]] is segmenting agents(usually leads) into 4 categories.  
            - Sure thing is a segment in [[uplift modeling]] that describe lead that will buy no matter what.  
            - Lost cause is a segment in [[uplift modeling]] that describe lead that will not buy no matter what.  
            - Persuadable is a segment in [[uplift modeling]] that describe lead that will have a higher probability to buy if we act on him/her.  
            - [[sleep]]ing Dogs is a segment in [[uplift modeling]] that describe lead that will have a lower probability to buy if we act on him/her.  
            - [CausalML](https://github.com/uber/causalml) is a tool from [[Uber]] to do [[uplift modeling]] and [[causal inference]].  
            - [[Random Forest]] is an algorithm to do machine learning  
            - [[Estimator]] is the smallest decision tree in [[Random Forest]] algorithm.  
            - Qini curve is a [[performance indicator]] of [[machine learning]] algorithms.  
            - Qini curve is similar to [[ROC]].  
            - [[ROC]] is a [[performance indicator]] of [[machine learning]] algorithms.  
            - [[ROC]] is a graph with false positive rate as x-axis and true positive rate as y-axis. 
- 15:45
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Decide on the action plan on [[Ken Chow]] transition
        - Wait until [[July 22nd, 2022]] Conversation with [[Carmen Yeung]]
        - [[Anna Yu]] will now directly work with [[Gilbert Wat]]
