- # Radiate your gratitude; Focus; Pace Yourself
- # 每一秒都要花係最重要嘅**人同事**上面
- How do you feel when you wake up?
    - {{slider}}
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} [[blogs]]
        - [[Memento: After my bicycle crash]]
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} Continue Reading [[[[books]]: Leadership in Turbulent Times]]
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/podcast-630-the-strategy-paradox/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+TheArtOfManliness+(The+Art+of+Manliness) 
        - #Strategy
        - Strategy = commitment over time = focus
            - Which to focus?
        - Good strategy has the same characteristics in bad strategy
        - What if it doesn't work?
            - Hedging bets
        - Very difficult to distinguish luck and skills in strategy result
        - Reduce uncertainty
        - Forecasting is really hard for large corporation
            - Need all parameters
        - Adaption is really hard too for large corporation
            - commitment is multi-year projects.
        - Strategy flexibility comes into play limited too
        - Commitment vs uncertainty in organization
            - Separated in org.
                - beta (R&D) world in 5-10 years 
                - what if beta is wrong 
            - Cognitive biases
            - Execution vs Strategy
        - COVID-19: Shock in the system / transformational change in the system
        - Individual level: maybe not healthy: Adaption and forecasting is much easier.
        - Small businesses: Adaption and forecasting is much easier.
        - At peace with strategy failure.
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} [[1:1]] with [[Young]]
        - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} [[1:1]] with [[Young]]
        - Vibe
            - {{slider}}
        - SD arrangement
            - clear goal for hiring
            - 
        - Weekly update
            - Writing up guidelines + stories for better feature delivery
            - Discussion with QA
                - Agreement on Stories
                - We need judgement on level of documentation, communication ...etc.
                    - Currently the call will be dev.
            - Follow up 
                - Public API GTM checklist
                - Dynamic Additional Configurations
                - Driver Theme Agile practices
            - What do we want to focus?
                - Diverse
                    - Order / GOGODelivery
                        - A lot of technology opportunity
                            - Order bundling
                            - Location
                    - Familiar codebase
                        - can ship faster, thrill to ship new stuff
                    - 
        - How to fit in / transform a traditional logistics company?
        - App quality
            - Not only tech needs to upgrade, CS / driver ops
                - internal efficiency may be a way
                - 
- ((Ua85ewy3A))
- ((t2QZpu4R_))
- How do you feel when you wind down?
    - {{slider}}
        - Depressed
        - Helping [[Keith Chan]] to talk it out is also theraptic
        - [[Young]] takes away 2 headcounts
            - Is it my fault?
        - [[Ka Kui Tsang]] is resenting guidance
            - Is it my fault?
- 
