- {{[[DONE]]}}  Share this to [[[[Preface]] leadership team]] https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1bfHS6GbuJ5ctLpJaWgDwzI8BfL_XTeN3Y3awsG44vd8/copy
- {{[[DONE]]}}  Share this to [[[[Preface]] leadership team]] https://review.firstround.com/6-counterintuitive-rules-for-being-a-better-manager-advice-from-lambda-school-quip-and-facebook
    - [[Literature Notes]]
        - [[Leadership]] is different from [[management]].
        - [[Leadership]] is goal setting.
        - [[Leadership]] is making alignment.
        - [[management]] is making [[people]] around you better.
        - The best [[manager]] should love to invest in [[people]]
        - No specific recipe to follow for a [[ideal team]] with good [[management]].
        - Good [[management]] should often focus on the how.
        - Good [[management]] should seldom focus on the what.
        - Good [[management]] only cares if they achieve the goal?
        - Good [[management]] is about what is this person responsible for?
        - [[Seniority]] means taking more and more ambitious goal and achieve them.
        - Good [[manager]] never [[burn out]].
        - Good [[manager]] should spend more time to the high performers.
        - A tactic for [[management]] is to look back on feelings of events.
        - A tactic for [[management]] is to look forward and plan.
        - Assess [[low performer]] with an [[expectation]] setting.
        - Start [[hard conversation]] early and often.
- {{[[DONE]]}} Formulate [[Talent pool]]
- 14:00
    - [[Hema Shah]] on [[[[Preface]] tech strategy 2022-2023]]
        - Customer can cancel the class conveniently
        - Reference from ESF school
        - Why Phase 4: Nomad Portal is after Phase 3: Credit System (Part of subscription MVP)
        - [[Energy]] ++
- {{[[DONE]]}}  Write up [[[[2022]] Q3]] [[OKR]]
    - According to [[[[Preface]] tech strategy 2022-2023]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  [[[[2022]] Q3]] [[OKR]]s brainstorming
    - {{query: {and: [[[[2022]] Q3]] [[OKR]]}}}
    - 
- {{[[DONE]]}} Hiring marketing [[ideas]]
