- 08:30
    - [[[[[[Preface]] leadership team]] weekly meeting]]
        - Q3 [[OKR]] discussion
            - [[[[2022]] Q3]] [[OKR]] based on [[[[Preface]] tech strategy 2022-2023]]
                - **Improve Coverage of Data Platform**
                    - Complete Data Warehouse (Schedule, Review, Customer)
                    - Complete respective Company Dashboards  (Schedule, Review, Customer)
                    - Set up Data Pipeline for Customer Acquisition
                    - Support RTTP project delivery efforts in data analysis
                    - Support operations and Feedback to portal development
                - **Explore Application of Artificial Intelligence**
                    - Demo 3 Proof of Concepts of AI in Content Generation(Transformer), Recommendation and Conversational
                - **Remove Bottlenecks in the Customer Journey (Preface 2.0)**
                    - Design, implement and roll out our new buy link to all customers
                    - Design, implement and roll out our new customer portal to all customers
                    - Design, implement and roll out credit system for all customers (B2B & B2C)
                    - Execute Migration - [preface.ai](http://preface.ai/) (rebranding)
                - **Improve System Reliability**
                    - Maintain Uptime and Latency SLOs for Portal
                    - 0 major disruption to operations of blogs, portal and preface.ai
                - **Increase Team Capabilities**
                    - Start tech blog with monthly post (July, August, September)
                    - Bi-weekly micro posts about tech team on selected social channels
                    - Hire 1-2 senior engineers
                    - Explore on-call solutions
        - [[Energy]] ++
- 11:00
    - [[[[[[Preface]] tech team]] weekly meeting]]
        - Q3 OKR discussion
        - [[Energy]] --
- 12:00
    - Prep Meet with [[Gemmy Wong]] on potential designer collaboration
- 12:30
    - Lunch
        - [[Energy]] ++
        - Saved [[Cheryl Lai]] from promoter
- 14:30
    - [[Tommie Lo]] on [[Data]] Moved to [[July 20th, 2022]] 10:00
- 14:32
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Decide on the action plan on [[Ken Chow]] transition
        - Context
            - [[Ken Chow]] had a hard time working with [[Carmen Yeung]]
                - Underperformance as a result
                - Demotivate and disempower
                - He has none of the traits in our [[culture]]
                    - Discussion of [[culture]] in [[Preface]]
                        - **Believe in what we ****are trying to achieve! **- we might have detours, hiccups, hurdles, but the north star is still the same
                        - **Embrace grow and change! **- genuinely love learning! Excited about what’s new! Constant appetite for learning, want to know and learn more!
                        - **Works as one team!** - no single person is bigger than the team!!! professional, disregard personal feelings, help other team members when needed
                        - **Open to share! **- people are a package, no ego, “I could be wrong instead of I’m always right,” listen
            - On [[Vegas Ho]] side, we are overpaying him a lot.
                - One of the top 5 salary in non-director payroll
            - [[Ben Cheng]] has a soft spot on him
                - [[Ken Chow]] is put in a bad spot and set up for failure
                - He is not giving chance from [[Preface]]
            - [[Gilbert Wat]] opinion
                - [[Ken Chow]] has a problem of articulating his need.
                - [[Ken Chow]] needs a lot structure to be comfortably collaborating.
                - What is his character that we can manage him without a lot of hand holding?
                    - The previous context from him may need us from time to time to guide him back to the aligned direction of thinking.
                    - The professional work level is sub par in a state of demotivation.
                - What is his responsibility if he moves to tech team?
                    - {{[[DONE]]}} AKA what is my [[job description]] for Senior [[[[UI]]/[[UX]]]] [[design]]ers
                - Will he perform the role well?
- 15:30
    - [[1:1]] [[Cheryl Lai]]
        - Asked her to be more proactive
- 16:00
    - [[1:1]] [[Jeffy Fung]]
        - Asked him to understand and give out more ideas of improvement
- 17:00
    - Meet with [[Gemmy Wong]] on potential designer collaboration
        - Check on her current status
        - Check on her gossip about [[GOGOX]]
        - Check on her **salary expectation**
            - 65000 - 75000 HKD
        - Check on her **Consultancy rate**
        - Check on her **Freelancing rate**
            - 500 HKD per hour
        - Goals: Get her help on our current team and projects
- 18:30
    - Read https://www.usenix.org/conference/atc22/presentation/vig to keep myself updated on [[distributed system]] [[architecture]] [[database]]
