- # Radiate your gratitude; Focus; Pace Yourself
- # 每一秒都要花係最重要嘅**人同事**上面
- How do you feel when you wake up?
    - {{slider}}
        - Legs got painful after a full night [[sleep]]
        - [[sleep]] is not good as aching
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} https://a16z.com/2020/07/24/long-tail-problem-in-a-i
        - #[[Artificial Intelligence]] #Cryptocurrency
        - [[Peter Thiel]] quotes: AI is communism, Crypto is libertarian.
        - Using market force to train a decentralized AI
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}}  https://www.artofmanliness.com/articles/boys-ferocity-frontiers-and-sports/
        - #[[☝🏻 Leadership]]
        - You competition is always your own pain threshold, your internal discipline, your perseverance.
        - A man has to create interesting stories from time to time.
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} Continue reading [[[[books]]: Leadership in Turbulent Times]]
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} https://hbr.org/2020/07/mentors-stop-saying-i-understand
        - #[[☝🏻 Leadership]]
        - Granparents rule
            - Be curious
            - Deep respect
            - When you want to say "I understand", say "Thanks for helping me understanding"
            - Be acutely aware of how other is perceiving you
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} https://hbr.org/2020/07/7-strategies-for-promoting-collaboration-in-a-crisis
        - #[[☝🏻 Leadership]] #culture
        - Encourage asking any questions and constructive challenge
        - Watch out for hoarding behaviors
        - Connect with the front lines
        - Reinforce the business's purpose and goals frequently
        - Get team members to reflect on their preferred ways of working
        - Play to your strengths
        - Champion collaborative leaders and teams.
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} https://blog.garrytan.com/changing-the-world-can-make-you-insane-but-it-doesnt-have-to-5-tips
        - #[[☝🏻 Leadership]]
        - Speak for yourself
            - Use your writing and narrative to deliver your message
        - Don't ragequit
            - Preserve
        - Speak truth when you know you're right
            - Use data, stories
        - When they go low, we go high
            - Tone of words matter
        - The breakthrough is just half of the work
            - We need to spread our word
    - {{[[DONE]]}} [[[[1:1]] with [[Keith Chan]]]]
        - [[Ka Kui Tsang]]
            - Underperform
                - Why?
                    - Not self-aware?
                    - Defensive?
                    - No teamwork?
                    - OK without truly understanding supervisor.
                - Observation
                    - When ask about his own performance, he always said good enough
                    - When ask about 
                - Actions already taken
                    - Change computer
                    - Change theme
                    - Nudge to discuss with [[Keith Chan]] for image upload features GOGOChats
                - Next actions
                    - Ask about his expectation of his role
                        - Difference between ticket clearing and get feature shipped
                        - Effectiveness: image upload features in GOGOChats
                    - Ask about the difference between his assessment with [[Keith Chan]]'s  assessment on his performance
                    - random catch up 
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} [[daydaycode.io]]
        - Core Experience
            - Onboarding
                - Meditate
                - Ask why are you learning how to code?
            - Single Player
                - Learn coding in 30 days
            - Multiplayer
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} Can I still grow in [[GOGOX]]?
        - I got allies in the organization?
            - Could be
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} https://a16z.com/2020/06/28/16mins-apple-app-clips-wwdc-wechat-mini-programs/
        - #Market
        - App Clip
            - To help hyper local business to do X.
                - Shopify
                - Square
                - [[GOGOX]]
                    - App + Agent Model
            - App Discovery
            - Add touchpoints for your brand
            - Deeplink to your sub-features
- ((Ua85ewy3A))
    - My job experience IS sub-optimal.
        - Why?
- ((t2QZpu4R_))
- How do you feel when you wind down?
    - {{slider}}
