- How do you feel when you wake up?
    - {{slider}}
        - A bit painful
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} https://fs.blog/2020/07/job-interviews/
        - Structured interview
            - Reduce [[🤔 Biases]]
            - Wordings has to be the same.
            - Order has to be the same.
        - Competence test
        - Blind audition
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} Reading [[[[books]]: The Art of Leadership]] 
        - Personal Growth Questionnaire
            - What are your strengths? How do you know that?
            - What do you need to work on? How do you know that?
            - How are you working on this area? Is your company helping?
            - When was your last promotion? How was the promotion communicated to you? What is the one thing you believe you did to earn this promotion?
            - When was your last compensation increase? (Compensation = base salary + bonus and/or stock.)
            - Do you feel fairly compensated? If not, what would you consider fair compensation? What facts do you base that opinion on? Have you told this to your manager?
            - When was the last time you received useful feedback from your manager?
            - What compliment do you wish you could receive about your work?
            - Are you learning from your manager? What was the last significant thing you learned from them?
            - What was the last thing you built at work that you enjoyed?
            - What was your last major failure at work? What did you learn? Are you clear about the root causes of that failure?
            - What was the last piece of feedback you received (from anyone) that substantially changed your working style?
            - Who is your mentor? When was the last time you met with them?
            - When was your last 360 review? What was your biggest lesson?
            - When did you last change jobs? Why?
            - When did you last change companies? Why?
            - What aspect of your current job would you bring with you to a future gig?
            - What is your dream job? (Role, company, etc.)
            - What is a company you admire? What attributes do you admire?
            - Who is a leader that you admire? What are the qualities of that leader that you admire?
- ((Ua85ewy3A))
- ((t2QZpu4R_))
- How do you feel when you wind down?
    - {{slider}}
