- How do you feel when you wake up?
    - So Hong Kong is getting another blow, there is nothing people can do to stop it.
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} Commit IT API for dashboard
    - English Tenses Revision
    - [[SRE]] 2020 Q2 retro + 2020 Q3 planning
        - Q2 SRE effort retrospective
            - [[Brian Chen]] Goals in Q2
                - Gain more SRE related knowledge
                - Align understanding and practices within infrastructure team
                - Achieved 🎉
        - Q3 SRE goals alignment
            - Expectation from the whole company
                - Increase confidence in system reliability
                    - Need to translate our SRE expert matter to a more business narratives
                - More business oriented related focus, narratives and metrics
                - More transparency in project goals and progresses
            - Platform expectation
                - Further alignment and communication on
                    - Expectation of different aspect of SRE
                    - Project goals and progress
            - Infra expectation
                - Adding SRE best practice point of view to do infrastructure projects / tasks / operations
                    - Increase visibility, reliability, productivity of infra projects/ tasks
        - Q3 planning
            - Process to resolve issues discussion with stakeholders within Engineering team
                - Stress-free process with clear expectation
            - Setup common agreements of the quality of reliability with stakeholders within Engineering team
                - 1-3 metrics share among Engineering team
                - SRE 101 education to non-tech / product.
            - Brainstorm about Education of site reliability to business.
        - De-prioritize in Q3
            - Transactional data reliability
            - Data team services reliability
        - AOB: Kafka
            - Aligned expected maintentence
                - 1000USD for support plan
            - Expectation on who will responsible for resolving issues
                - App Code related ➡️ Delivery
                - Non-code related ➡️ Infrastructure
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Matthew Ng]]]]
        - [[NPS]] {{[[slider]]}}
            - Do more sharing 
        - Anything you want someone to help you?
            - Struggle
                - Try other aspects, mobile & data
                - not confirm
                - 
        - Feedback from Gilbert
            - Ok ar
            - Talk to people more
        - What is your thought on Web team and DT team?
        - Any feedback you have for Rob?
            - Best:
                - Encouraging
                - Clear
                - Care about growth
            - Worst:
                - Not critical enough
        - Any feedback you have for me?
            - Host meeting enjoyables
            - 
    - [[1:1]] with [[Victor Lam]]
        - Design session redesign
            - Intention
                - Share and peer review solutions and knowledge
            - Result
                - Tasks update
            - Problems
                - Not much context for platform teammates in themes not 
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Rob Dong]]]]
        - [[NPS]] {{[[slider]]}}
        - Anything you want someone to help you?
        - Feedback from Gilbert
        - Culture add
            - Stories
        - Any feedback you have for me?
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} [[Prep 2020 Q3 Engineering QPSM]]
    - 
