- How do you feel when you wake up?
    - Content but tired, yesterday was a good day
        - Went to hiking with my [[Wifey]] and [[Wifey mum]]
    - A bit sad because I am not invited to the Kayak trip with colleagues. 
        - It triggers some of my bad memory in my life of getting left out. 
            - Accenture
            - in high school
        - It hurts my confidence back then.
        - FOMO
        - But there is nothing I could do and finding out the reason will be exhausting.
        - I am counting on my blessings instead.
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - {{[[DONE]]}} English Tenses
    - {{[[DONE]]}} read https://kwokchain.com/2020/06/19/why-figma-wins/ #[[business]] #[[business]]
        - The technology roadmap is crucial to create the new possibilities
        - Loop and networks are crucial for a platform
        - Plugins to enhances new capabilities
        - Community to bounce off ideas
    - #Notes read https://hbr.org/2020/06/good-leadership-hinges-on-organizational-intelligence #[[☝🏻 Leadership]]
        - Send message to reinforce the strategy, minimize other message
        - constant refining the definition of culture (who we are)
        - A leader not always need a big bang of initiatives, act on the same scope to make things happen
        - Pick your own battle
        - Stage a moment of theater is crucial to send message of strategy and culture
        - Embrace bureaucracy rather than rail against it
        - Organizational Persona (My work face)
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Go in depth https://usefyi.com/zoom-product-market-fit/ #[[business]] #[[business]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}} https://hbr.org/2020/06/good-feedback-is-a-two-way-conversation #[[☝🏻 Leadership]] #1:1
        - Ask (encouraging) questions
            - about wins and energizing moments
            - about strength and effortless moments
            - about learnings
        - diagnose challenges
            - expected outcome?
            - what is happening?
            - what have you tried?
            - what is the result?
        - Shape the path
            - How do you think act on this?
            - What is your concerns?
            - What is the effect if you tried this?
            - How can I help you recreate the conditions of your success?
        - The best feedback helps others understand their strengths and provides the encouragement and guidance to build on those strengths.
    - {{[[DONE]]}} https://twitter.com/lesliefeinzaig/status/1272975489645207552?s=21 #[[business]]
        - What are the key elements that we can evaluate a business ideas
            - The 3 pillars of your company 
                - Customers 
                    - They are bothered by the problem and they feel painful enough
                    - The solution solves their problems and they are invested into the solution
                - Market
                    - size is large enough for a new player
                    - saturation of the market is low enough for a new player
                - Business model
                    - Our business model is scalable
                    - Our business model is defendable
            - You
                - Pitch it well, convey the pillars well to the investors
                - There is a high trust in founding team and their capabilities to execute
            - Learnings: Focus on what your can leverage / move the needle
- ((t2QZpu4R_))
- ((Ua85ewy3A))
