- 08:30
    - https://open.spotify.com/episode/5TUo6838VTpnMIB223L01v?si=5diafClOSwmv6I4g7WteDA
        - __I am not good enough__.
        - Think differently.
        - Able to succinctly comm
- 09:48
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Read this to learn comm https://www.cnbc.com/2022/05/09/uber-to-cut-down-on-costs-treat-hiring-as-a-privilege-ceo-email.html
- 10:00
    - Interview
- 10:45
    - Chat with [[Ravic Poon]]
        - Back to Taiwan for family issue
        - Looking for job just like [[James Cheuk]]
- 11:15
    - Finish {{[[DONE]]}}  Read this to learn comm https://www.cnbc.com/2022/05/09/uber-to-cut-down-on-costs-treat-hiring-as-a-privilege-ceo-email.html
- 12:15
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Plan for Summer Internship
- 12:45
    - [[Jeffy Fung]] onboarding
- 15:15
    - Write to share {{[[DONE]]}}  Read this to learn comm https://www.cnbc.com/2022/05/09/uber-to-cut-down-on-costs-treat-hiring-as-a-privilege-ceo-email.html with [[[[Preface]] leadership team]]
        - In 896 words, Uber employees can understand the context Uber is in and necessary adjustments in their work and decision making in 4-5 minutes of their time.
        - Email text
            - Team Uber --
            - __After earnings, I spent several days meeting investors in New York and Boston. It's clear that the market is experiencing a seismic shift and we need to react accordingly. My meetings were super clarifying and I wanted to share some thoughts with all of you. As you read them, please bear in mind that while investors don't run the company, they do own the company—and they've entrusted us with running it well. We get to set the strategy and make the decisions, but we need to do so in a way that ultimately serves our shareholders and their long term interests.__
                - The market has a fundamental change and this is why CEO is writing this email.
                - Remind why people are hired: To provide results for the investors with the right strategy and flawless executions.
                - Love the words Dara has chosen: __seismic shift, entrusted__
            - 1. In times of uncertainty, investors look for safety. They recognize that we are the scaled leader in our categories, but they don't know how much that's worth. Channeling Jerry Maguire, we need to show them the money. We have made a ton of progress in terms of profitability, setting a target for $5 billion in Adjusted EBITDA in 2024, but the goalposts have changed. Now it's about free cash flow. We can (and should) get there fast. There will be companies that put their heads in the sand and are slow to pivot. The tough truth is that many of them will not survive. The average employee at Uber is barely over 30, which means you've spent your career in a long and unprecedented bull run. This next period will be different, and it will require a different approach. Rest assured, we are not going to put our heads in the sand. We will meet the moment.
                - Reminds what means to investors for the shift in market: they are more conservative.
                - And how the perspective of investors affect the priority of the company.
                    - It should be hard for founder-led company to speak so in such tone of serving the investors, but Uber is a public company so we may not take a page from here.
                - And remind the team what is the consequence of unable to meet the shift in the market: cease to exist.
                - And the goal shifting from 5b USD of Adjusted EBITDA in 2024 to Free Cash Flow. Although he didn't share the exact amount, I can assume it is 1$ free cash flow.
            - 2. Investors finally understand that we are a completely different animal than Lyft and other ridesharing-only platforms. They are incredibly excited about the pace of our innovation, how quickly we are rebounding, and huge growth opportunities like Hailables and Taxi. While they acknowledge that we are winning, they don't yet know the "size of the prize." Their questions run the gamut from, "Has anyone other than you made money in on-demand transport?" to "Ridesharing has been around for awhile, why isn't anyone else profitable?" They see how big the TAM is, they just don't understand how that translates into significant profits and free cash flow. We have to show them.
                - Reminds how we are winning: __pace of our innovation, how quickly we are rebounding, huge growth opportunities like Hailables and Taxi__
                - Show the investor how to do something unprecedented, really motivating for rebellious and self-actualizing under 30 workforce.
            - 3. Investors are happy with Delivery's growth coming out of the pandemic and see that we have performed better than many other pandemic winners. I must admit that was a bit of a surprise for me because I firmly believe Delivery should be growing even faster. The primary questions were: "Is Delivery a good business and why?" and "What happens if we enter a recession?" We need to answer both of these questions with undeniably strong results.
                - This is one of the craziest thing I can imagine a CEO can say. Instead of congratulating the successful team, he challenged them even further to ask motivating questions and demand undeniable strong answers.
                - Again, love the choice of words here about: __undeniably strong, firmly believe, should__
            - 4. Investors who asked about Freight love Freight. However, less than 10% of them asked about it. Freight needs to get even bigger so that investors recognize its value and love it as much as I do.
                - Again, love the choice of words here about: __love it as much as I do__.
            - 5. Meeting the moment means making trade-offs. The hurdle rate for our investments has gotten higher, and that means that some initiatives that require substantial capital will be slowed. We have to make sure our unit economics work before we go big. The least efficient marketing and incentive spend will be pulled back. We will treat hiring as a privilege and be deliberate about when and where we add headcount. We will be even more hardcore about costs across the board.
                - Super clear priorities:
                    - Slow down initiatives that require substantial capital.
                    - Scale only after unit economics works
                    - Pull back inefficient marketing and incentive.
                    - Hiring is a privilege and be deliberate on adding headcount.
                    - Hardcore cost cutting
            - 6. We have started to demonstrate the Power of the Platform, which is a structural advantage that sets us apart. As you know, our strategy here is simple: bring in consumers on either Mobility or Delivery, encourage them to try the other, and tie everything together with a compelling membership program. The advantage here is obvious, but we have to show the value of the platform in real dollar terms. We are serving multi-trillion dollar markets, but market size is irrelevant if it doesn't translate into profit.
                - Super clear strategy based on something only Uber has: The Power of the Platform
                - Super clear outcome: show the value of platform in real dollar terms
            - 7. We have to do all of the above while continuing to deliver an outstanding and differentiated experience for consumers and earners. Whether someone is booking rides for a summer trip with friends, or a new parent relying on Uber Eats for everything from groceries to dinner and diapers, it's on us to make every interaction excellent. The same goes for anyone who comes to Uber to earn. We responded to the pandemic by becoming earner-centric in a way we'd never been before. We are innovating for earners, thinking deeply about their experience, and putting ourselves in their shoes—literally—by driving, delivering and shopping ourselves. Because of hundreds of improvements in this area, people who want to earn flexibly are now coming to Uber first, where they benefit from our scale, diversification, and commitment to treating them with respect.
                - This part is to reinstate the intangible outcome and stories to be told if everything falls into the right places.
                - And bluff about the success of Uber about navigating the pandemics.
            - I've never been more certain that we will win. But it's going to demand the best of our DNA: hustle, grit, and category-defining innovation. In some places we'll have to pull back to sprint ahead. We will absolutely have to do more with less. This will not be easy, but it will be epic. Remember who we are. We are Uber, a once-in-a-generation company that became a verb and changed the world forever. Let's write the next chapter of our story, working together as OneUber, and let's make it legendary.
                - Once again, the choice of word is classic. __I've never been more certain that we will win, category-defining innovation, once-in-a-generation, became a verb, legendary, not easy but epic, next chapter of our story__
            - GO GET IT!
            - Dara
        - Takeaway
            - Share the real why we are working in the company, shareholder trusted the team to create and capture long term value.
                - With a good choice of word: __entrusted__
            - Tough truth, changing goal post with a reason.
            - The knowledge gap / perception gap between investors and the company and challenge the team to show the investors the result (rebellious)
            - Go to each business line with very specific motivation
                - Even with BU that with very good result he can still motivating them to do better (Delivery)
                    - __ I must admit that was a bit of a surprise for me because I firmly believe Delivery should be growing even faster.__
                -  With not really good BU (Freight) easy to grow
            - Simple strategy that can explain how we are expanding in 2-3 sentence
            - Recount the basic fundamentals and customer focus.
            - Not easy but epic
- [[[[Preface]] 2.0: credit system]] MVP
    - with {{[[DONE]]}}  Plan for Summer Internship
        - Reyes
            - Basic Coding
        - Chun Lok
            - Data Only
        - Jack Lo
            - High Expectation, Even Algorithm
        - Joyce Au
            - Advanced Coding
