- How do you feel when you wake up?
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Ben Cheng]]]]
        - Observations of [[Kavin Wong]]
            - Technical should be good
            - Teamwork still need to observe
        - Anything you want to talk about?
            - Scheduling time
                - always no abiding to time scheduled
                - No much of an advice as I am the culprit too ♨️
        - Any feedback you have for me?
            - None so far
        - Feedback from me
            - Good presentation, use well known meme to connect with people
            - Diligence is good, but be careful not to burn yourself out
        - What is your mood now in GGV?
            - A bit exhausted
        - Actionables:
            - 1. Take a rest
            - 2. Increase self-awareness or rely on your wife to do mental health check
    - [[1:1]] with [[Victor Lam]]
        - Anything you want to talk about?
            - Observations on [[Ben Cheng]]
                - No strategy to handle his scope
                - Overwhelmed
            - Observations on [[Brian Chen]]
                - 0 self-awareness
                - May not be able to spread SRE knowledge
                - Like to be treated as a tools
                    - Gilbert suggests use him as a tool, that is his wishes
            - Observations on [[Ben Lin]]
                - Lack of planning
                - Lack of coordination
                - Lack of motivation to succeed
        - Any feedback you have for me?
            - Gilbert should not focus on SRE effort
                - Gilbert argue SRE is blocking our momentum of improvement
                - Victor has decided not to pick this battle at the moment
                    - Focus on SOP to get minimal done instead
                - Gilbert should think about how to find high leverage
                - Gilbert should face the collaboration problem with Infrastructure team directly
        - Actionables
            - Let [[Ben Cheng]] chill a bit by guiding him to divide and conquer
            - Bring up specific problems in the Platform x Infra meeting / discussion  
                - Dev Experience
                    - ELK usability
                    - Grafana usability
                    - Logstash (log format) flexibility
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Karl Tai]]]]
        - Anything you want to talk about?
            - None so far 😅
        - Any feedback you have for me?
            - Gilbert should put more involvement to iOS team.
        - Feedback from Gilbert
            - Proactive
            - Can expand your proactive attitude to share your ideas with the team.
        - What is your mood now in GGV?
            - Count your win
                - Execute on more tasks, can learn more by doing
                - Research
                - Ask Keith to give you more tasks
            - To improve
                - Presentation
                - Documentation
        - How do you learn?
            - Learn by mimicking
                - Jackson has a 
                - Next week
        - What is your thought on iOS team and CET team?
            - No problem work together
            - professional
        - Keith
            - Best: Push people, know people capable for what
            - Worst: Not clear enough, not understand 
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Anthony Chan]]]]
        - Anything you want to talk about?
            - None so far 😅
        - Any feedback you have for me?
        - Feedback from Gilbert
        - What is your mood now in GGV?
            - So far so good 😐
            - Good things is that it is flexible
            - Clear tasks are very satisfying
            - the mood is a bit boring in office
                - No teammates with common interest 😞
            - Self-initiated project / presentation
            - Current focus is not work
                - Developing new apps with friends 
                    - Not boring to develop with friends
                        - Can explore something else
                            - Flutter
                            - ASO
                            - Ad revenue
                        - Those topic has a faster feedback loop than our product
                            - The metrics of our feature looks opaque to engineers
                                - Partly not motivated to look at it
                                - And there is too much going on for us, attention is limited
        - What is your thought on iOS team and DET team?
            - Sidenotes: App-Review is set up by Anthony
    - [[Backlog Grooming with [[[[GOGOX]] Driver Experience Theme]]]]
        - Feedback to PMs
            - Please consult engineers before do hi fidelity design 🙇🏻‍♂️
- ((t2QZpu4R_))
- ((Ua85ewy3A))
