- {{[[DONE]]}} Plan ahead for internship program
- {{[[DONE]]}} Research on the possibility of expanding to another location within Hong Kong to [[Alexander Li]]
    - Strategic implication
        - Although it is not aligned with our company direction of going more digital but it will strengthen our current offering, which could be beneficial to our company as the capital market has tightened and our digital endeavor need some lead time to mature.
    - There is a discussion in the leadership team to expand to a new location, either permanently or temporarily.
    - Data team would supplement to the discussion if we can do a benefit analysis on the data side to either support or against such move to expand our business.
- Read https://milan.cvitkovic.net/writing/things_youre_allowed_to_do/
    - Find ways to gain leverage in my life
- Read https://www.bridgewater.com/_document/building-a-beta-portfolio-in-an-environment-that-looks-difficult-for-assets?id=00000181-3e8c-d16d-a3a5-fecdf17e0001 and see if we can build an asset portfolio
    - connect with [[Uncle William]]
    - Build for [[Theodore]]
- Read https://www.thediff.co/p/valuation-metrics-a-cross-examination?utm_source=email&s=r to understand how to value a company?
    - free cash flow, option value, inflation-hedge status, the notorious "Adjusted EBITDA," lifetime value of customers, and handwavy approximations as markers of valuation.
    - the net present value of future cash flows
    - discounted cash flow
- [[1:1]] with [[Carmen Yeung]]
    - [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]] SEO and content responsibility clarification
        - Hi Kenneth and Carmen,
Just have a quick chat with Carmen. There is some ambiguity on who is responsible for what on our website. For instance, no one is responsible for the text in the website and SEO tag. This will create confusion and slow us down as we become unclear and out of focus.
        - So I suggest the following arrangement, based on the ARCI model (Accountable, Responsible, Consulting, Informed) to maximize the effectiveness of our website team. See if it can help everyone to work smoothly towards our business goals, without taking responsibilities for something out of their expertise.
        - **Definition of performance metrics / qualitative criteria**
        - Accountable+Responsible: Leadership Team
        - **Reaching the performance metrics / qualitative criteria**
        - Accountable: Product Team, supported by marketing team and engineering team
        - **Plan and execute initiatives to reach those performance indicators**
        - Accountable + Responsible: Product Team + Engineering Team
        - Consulting Parties: marketing team for SEO related matters and contents, curriculum team to gatekeep our wordings can be fulfilled by us or not. and other teams if the execution team deems necessary.
        - This may help to clarify responsibilities and allow our teammates to focus on the appropriate aspects of business.
        - Love your feedback and if we find this to be completed and useful enough, I can work on announcing it to the team and other related teammates.
    - [[[[Preface]] 2.0: credit system]] chase
        - {{[[DONE]]}} [[[[Preface]] 2.0: credit system]] MVP designs discussion with [[Carmen Yeung]] [[Ken Chow]] [[Anna Yu]]
        - this week
