- 09:30
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Updated and confirmed with [[Tommie Lo]] on the computer purchasing
        - Strategy
            - Go long term
            - Go benefits
            - Got alternative of a cheaper version
        - Delivery
            - I am proposing we are getting the [32GB of macbook pro 14" with 10 core cpu + 16 core gpu + 16 core neural engine for 22,799HKD](https://www.apple.com/hk/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro/14-inch-space-gray-10-core-cpu-16-core-gpu-1tb).
            - I am expecting we are to replace them in 3 years time, but I “think” it is still very usable in 3 years time (I got a max model of 13' MBP in 2014 and it is still very very strong for non-development use still haha.
            - This is Ben’s memory usage in a random moment of development. As you can see we are 14GB out of 16GB already. And we are not running some ML modeling (yet).
            - For the juniors, getting the same machine can motivate them and better retain them. Not to mention in 3 years time we are expected to trained them up to be a core team members.
            - Also under my assumption of 36 month, we are paying 1 computer for [633.30](tel:6333055555) / month. which is very good investment that definitely yield huge increase in developer productivity.
            - If we want to going to trade-off a bit, I suggest we get the [32GB of MBP 14"” with 8 core instead for 18,999 HKD](https://www.apple.com/hk/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro/14-inch-space-gray-8-core-cpu-14-core-gpu-512gb) instead. We are paying 528HKD /  month then.
            - Also we need to purchase apple care+ for the ease of mind either way. imo it is too much of a hassle.
            - No problem we are getting it in July of course haha.
            - Hope this can help us decide on the models we need.
- 10:00
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  think about moving to a new no code platform for our blog
        - Decided to park the decision as we are not clear on the 
- 11:00
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Reply to A2hosting for [[[[Preface]] blog]]
- 12:30
    - Onboarding [[Cheryl Lai]]
- 14:00
    - [[[[Preface]] 2.0: credit system]]
        - Things to be consider
            - Overall strategy
            - Marketing Site features and go-to marketing
                - Growth
                    - Decide and optimize for certain SEO keywords
                        - Depends on our Overall strategy
                    - Create enough contents to establish authorities and supply SEO ranking
                    - Link from main [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]]
                    - Link from [[[[Preface]] blog]]
                    - What is our edge
                        - Depends on our Overall strategy
                        - Perhaps copy from preface.ai on a feature comparison
                        - Testimonials
                - Design and implementation
                    - Registration page is dedicated to portal
                - Roadmap for our contents in our classes
                    - Depends on our Overall strategy
            - Portal Site Features
                - Registration
                    - Notification
                        - To customer when customer creates her profile
                        - To customer when customer creates her subscription
                        - To customer when customer failed to create her subscription
                        - To us when customer failed to create her subscription
                    - Redirection to Stripe subscription page when registration is successful
                - User Profile Update
                    - Notification
                        - To customer when customer updated her email
                        - To customer when her credit is depleted
                        - To customer when her credit is refueled
                    - Minimal fields required
                        - Credits
                            - Show and topup
                            - Time of next refuel
                        - Email
                        - (Debatable) Profile Pic to increase personalization in our product.
                - Schedule classes
                    - Notification
                        - To customer when one of the classes has nomad
                        - To nomad when she matches one of the classes
                        - To nomad if the scheduled classes has been rescheduled
                        - To customer if the scheduled classes has been rescheduled
                    - Book a class / open an availability page
                    - Change a scheduled class page
                    - (Debatable) I don't want to be easy to cancel a class, only to delay / reschedule a class
                - Classes Review and Recap
                    - Notification
                        - To customer when a class she attended need reviews
                        - To customer when a material is updated for a class she attended
                    - NPS score for each session page
                    - Review materials pages
                    - (Debatable) Take notes pages
                - Get Help
                    - Setup
                        - Intercom / Livechat / hubspot / whatsapp / email
                        - FAQ
                    - source third party tools for customer success
            - Stripe setup
                - subscription
                    - After Redirection to Stripe subscription page when registration is successful, we redirect to Book a class / open an availability page
                - payment
