- How do you feel when you wake up?
    - It is a bit strange when you direct supervisor doesn't find you in his first day of work.
        - Could be a style issue
        - We will see
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - [[[[GOGOX]] Weekly [[Sync up]]: Delivery [[meetings]] ]]
        - Vibe
            - More dynamics
    - [[Onboarding with [[Kalvin Wong]]]]
    - [[[[Onboarding]] with [[Young]]]]
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Phoenix Lau]]]]
        - Next meeting [[July 2nd, 2020]]
        - Vibe
            - A bit defensive first, I am not sure why.
            - Turns out OK
        - Discussion about IET
            - Vision
                - Previous projects
                    - Polygon
                    - Revamp CS Ordering Page:
                        - HK First
                - Everyday operation
                    - CS
                    - Driver Ops
                    - Finance
                - Payment Theme nearer
                - Product & Process oriented
            - Stakeholders
                - Ming
                - Nick
                - Steven
                - CS x 10, 2 per regions
                - Driver Ops x 10, 2 per regions
                - Finance x 10, 2 per regions
                - Regular sync up for stakeholders
                - What is the success metrics?
                - "I need some more time to prepare"
            - What is your ideal engineers you want to work with? Top 3 traits.
                - Can-do spirit, flexible
                - Proactive
                - Full-stack
            - What is your worst engineers you want to work with? Top 3 traits.
                - Fixed mindset
                - Order taker
                - Grumpy 收埋收埋 Cynical
            - Technical Debt
                - How to convince stakeholders
            - Interview Engineers with PM
        - https://n8n.io/
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Jackson Chung]]]]
        - Anything you want to discuss from your side?
        - Follow up on the last 1:1
            - Retro on last quarter OKRs?
                - Code Coverage 15% - 19%
                - Dynamic Additional Requirement
                    - Expected FE + BE, Now FE (50%)
                - OTA translation
                    - Feedback to Translation
        - What do you feel about CET?
            - Can deliver feature
            - Next level: Engineers can output solution ideas not only ticket burning
            - Next next /2 level: Driver UX 
            - Next next level: Data driven
        - What do you feel about iOS?
            - Individual contributing
            - Missing sharing culture (Only Karl + Keith + Jackson do sharing)
            - [[Ka Kui Tsang]] and [[Anthony Chan]] how can they upgrade
                - [[Anthony Chan]] need more experience, debriefing more
                    - Code review more questions from teammates
                - [[Ka Kui Tsang]] 
                    - 滑左cog 
                    - lit him up
                    - DA too legacy
                    - willing to ask how to write test?
                    - have research
        - How do you think of Keith?
            - Best trait
                - Technical direction, initiate on multiple front, lead the team on a lot of initiatives.
                    - Design system
                    - CI/CD
                    - release note
            - Worst trait
                - Too 心急
                - Too many fire to attain
        - What will you focus in the next quarter?
            - 
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Ka Kui Tsang]]]]
        - New machine
            - keyboard better
            - build time
            - Less distracted as less idle time
        - Anything you want to discuss from your side?
            - Nothing from 
        - Follow up on the self study plan
            - Show me your plan LOL
                - SwiftUI rewrite DA
                    - Login page + Combine
                - ReactiveSwift 
                    - Memory Leak
                        - Tools?? Profiling
                - iOS best practice upgrade strategy ???? (Question)
            - Why DET is boring?
                - Bug tickets that cannot be fixed, Legacy codebase 
                - Feature UI deliver has a sense of achievements
                    - Order hunting list
                        - Keith has share more "advanced" version
                        - Anthony is ok, need to optmized
                        - More Manageable 
                        - Time constraint
                - App Crash not very satisfying
        - What do you feel about CET?
            - Just start
            - Tickets easier to follow
            - Dynamic
            - Not much different 
        - What do you feel about iOS?
        - How do you think of Keith?
            - Best trait
                - Share knowledge actively
                - Active push for things
                    - Gitflow
            - Worst trait
                - Refactoring: RFC no feedback
                - Not much guidance
        - Proactively seeking others advice
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Hon Chan]]]]
        - Anything you want to discuss from your side?
            - GGV Project in Web
        - What do you feel about DT now?
            - A lot of interesting projects the UX is satisfying
            - Growth Marketing [[Waikit Kan]] 
                - for example for bulk orders
        - What do you feel about Web now?
            - Hasn't change much
            - Get along well with teammates
            - Professionally is a lot of opportunity
            - E2E tests are flaky
            - E2E tests coverage is not enough
            - Web infrastructure work is a bit hard to estimate
                - Allocate 8 story points for free time.
            - Never do deadline driven development
        - How do you think of Rob?
            - Best trait
                - easy to work with
                - care his team
                - Represent web team
                - Keep his team up-to-date
            - Worst trait
                - has doubt in his ability to lead
                - Frankie comparison is a jinx
                - Sharing session
                - innovation in process / tools / capabilities.
        - What will you focus in the next quarter?
            - Delivery
            - New projects
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Rob Dong]]]]
        - Anything you want to discuss from your side?
        - What will you focus in the next quarter?
        - Follow up discussion on culture add
            - Hardworking
            - Humble
            - Smart
            - Polite
    - [[[[1:1]] with [[Belda Chan]]]]
        - Anything you want to discuss from your side?
        - Check-in
            - So far so good
            - V2 API 
            - Codebase
            - Release
            - Presentation
                - Ahead of time preparation
                - 
        - What is strange to you here compare with your previous workspace?
        - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} Work on organizing Women in Tech stuff in HK
        - Expectation of engineering leaders discussion
- ((t2QZpu4R_))
    - 1 day of meeting without fatigue
        - Feeling good, manage my energy well
- #[[Quick Capture]]
    - http://gvnshtn.com/maersk-me-notpetya[[Ergon]] security
