- #meditation
    - I cannot [[sleep]] well for the last 2 weeks
    - It impairs my cognitive ability and self control
    - I simply cannot focus well into anything.
        - I cannot even type a full sentence in here without feeling distracted.
    - What exactly is the bad?
        - I feel very bad as I am helping out in coding.
            - I feel not as capable as my previous self.
            - Indecision.
        - I feel distracted and unproductive.
        - I feel stuck.
        - I feel unenergetic.
        - I feel I cannot accomplish anything in this two weeks.
        - I feel my muscle is always aching and unresponsive.
        - I feel my mind is a wild horse. I cannot control it.
    - What are the things you cannot control but will immensely affect your life?
        - Political situation. Government will become more militaristic.
        - Apple Daily closure.
        - Weather.
        - Company current situation.
        - Actually I am not able to even control the thoughts that is bubbling up when I am typing.
    - What are the things you can control?
        - My time.
        - My focus.
        - My decision.
    - What are the things I need to do next.
        - Spend 15 minutes per day resume writing things to be grateful.
        - Exercise 1x per day, even with a bad [[sleep]] for 30 minutes.
        - Meditate when exercising.
        - No online activity, political discussion and work discussion 1 hours before [[sleep]].
        - Eat healthy food.
        - Build my [[Globalized self]]
- [[1:1]] with [[Alia Bei]]
    - Self rated very very low
    - Only in the company
    - Reason
        - Chaotic requirements
        - 
- Book club
- [[Globalized self]] selling stuff
    - Selling incense and meditation use herbs
        - Pros
            - Recurring
            - Branding already know
            - People just want it cheaper.
- [[project]] [[[[GOGOX]] Project Flywheel]]
    - A new sales channel
        - What is it in for the merchant?
            - Virality
            - Meme??
