- [[💪🏻 Commitments]]
- ((22yK4qEt6))
    - {{embed: ((_Q0U8tgRd))}}
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} [[[[meetings]] [[[[GOGOX]] Platform]] weekly sync]] #[[GOGOX]]
        - Ben AL, cancelled
    - {{[[DONE]]}} [[[[1:1]] with [[Rob Dong]]]] #[[GOGOX]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Formulate his growth plan [[[[2020]] Q3]]
            - Self-awareness vs perspective questions
                - What do you want to achieve as a web lead in the next 12 months?
                - What do you want to help delivery team to achieve in the next 12 months?
                    - Set up culture of 
                        - humble
                        - hard-working
                        - polite
                    - Related to technical roadmap in [[GOGOX]]
                        - Shit I cannot give up the emotion of being let down by the fact that I have fixed the team (mostly), but now the new VP is coming to reap my harvest.
                - What is our feedback loop?
    - {{{[[DONE]]}}}}[[[[[[GOGOX]] GOGODelivery Theme]] [[[[GOGOX]] Platform]] sync up]] #[[GOGOX]]
        - Discuss the next step for [[Ricky Hong]]
        - Observe Dynamics
            - Need me to make a decision 
    - {{[[DONE]]}} [[[[Perentics]] x [[GOGOX]]]]
        - Bounce off the flow to align
            - Perentics
                - latest time to send to us?
                    - 6pm cutoff time
                        - will fire APIs individually
                - Address is user input, error prone
                - 1 Perentics orderID = N Test Kit Barcode
                - 1 API = 1 Test Kit Barcode
            - [[GOGOX]] System
            - [[GOGOX]] Operation
                - Ad-hoc through email SOP
        - Observe the dynamics on Perentics
            - [[Peter Wong (Perentics)]]
                - Not very clear minded
                    - Webhook customized
        - [[💪🏻 Commitments]]
            - Authentication method to [[Peter Wong (Perentics)]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}} [[[[[[GOGOX]] Platform]] design sharing section]] #[[GOGOX]]
        - {{{[[DONE]]}}}} Ask [[Belda Chan]] for input
            - What do you think about this meeting?
            - Can you focus on this meeting?
        - Observe dynamics
            - plus
                - Everyone get to talk
                - Interaction is there
            - minus
                - Need to discuss house rules
                    - 5 minutes per person
                    - 1 Focus
                    - Focus
                - Too detailed
        - Actionable
            - Discussion with [[Victor Lam]] [[June 17th, 2020]]
- ((Ua85ewy3A))
    - [[[[books]]: Leadership in Turbulent Times]]
        - Ambition and the recognition of leadership
            - There are different learning style
                - Franklin Roosevelt is a listener
                - Lydon Johnson is a listener too
                - Abraham Lincoln is a reader
            - All leaders connect with people fast.
            - All leaders are storytellers
    - https://vas3k.com/blog/nocode/
        - 
    - https://observablehq.com/
        - I rediscovered the joy of a seamless UX / UI
        - https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/04/30/opinion/coronavirus-covid-vaccine.html
