- [[[[Manager]] meeting for tomorrow]]
    - 20 minutes
    - 5 minutes: recap from my previous scope of work
        - Overview of software engineering team
            - HK
                - App + Web + part of platform
                - New initiative: Flywheel
            - TW
                - TW
                    - Platform and Data Engineering (Superset)
                - ROW
                    - Infrastructure + KR specific app & infrastructure
        - Software Delivery
            - Led all App + Web + Platform
            - Closely related to product managers work.
            - Improve
                - Delivery speed
                - Delivery quality
                - Delivery impact
        - How to move forwards
    - 15 minutes:  for the future
        - Focus on the new project for myself
        - Software Engineering in general
            - I am not in charge so I might be wrong
            - Increase revenue
                - Project flywheel
                - Various projects and features
                    - Partner wallet
                    - GGB subscription
                    - Driver subscription
                - Best quality of products
            - Save costs
                - Finance DB
                - Internal Efficiency
                - Dev productivity
            - Provide platform for the above business objectives.
                - Keep providing 99.9% uptime for our services globally.
                    - KR is very hard.
                - Provide even more tech capability to solve business problem whenever possible
                    - Try new development tools in project flywheel.
                    - Learn new tools from Apple / Android / Web / Amazon / ...etc.
                        - FYI we are depending on 50+ other tech companies to provide the current services
                - Root cause fix some underlying company wide issues
                    - Finance DB
                    - Internal efficiency (Admin Panel, Reports ...etc.)
                    - App UI/UX, quality issues
                    - Backend talent shortage
        - How does it related to you?
            - Data, Ops and finance team has more knowledge 😉
            - Transit to the next part
    - 5 minutes: Biggest learning in 2 years in the role
        - None of my jobs can be done with only my team of engineers.
            - Every area relies on my teammates
                - Product Manager
                - Designers
                - Stakeholders
        - The impact of our engineers is heavily depending on:
            - My engineering leads and senior engineers to mentor and improve the team.
            - The hard work of product managers
            - Stakeholders need to help theme teams understand your needs and workflow, so engineers can devise the best solution for you.
            - Engineers can help connect the dots in your problems and find the best leveraged solution.
        - We cannot perform 10x better 
            - when the context is clear.
            - when we know exactly
                - What problems we are tackling
                - Why are we tackling this problem for the company?
                - Who are we helping?
    - Closing: Engineers need your help to work 1000% better.
- [[Microservices]] https://microservices.io/index.html
