- {{[[DONE]]}}  [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Techbite Pro]] HKT VAS integration documents
- {{[[DONE]]}}  [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Techbite Pro]] Launch preparation
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  [[[[[[Preface]] [[product]]: TechBites]] Product Roadmap 2023 2H]]
- {{[[DONE]]}}  [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Credit System MVP]] self served buying of bootcamps
- {{[[DONE]]}}  [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Admin/Nomad/Student Portal & APIs]] [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Pricing Revamp]] check up
- {{[[DONE]]}}  [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]] [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Website Revamp 2023]] check up
    - {{[[ARCHIVED]]}}  Potentially outsourcing to [[Ben Cheng]]'s friends
- {{[[DONE]]}}  Full story analysis on [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Customer Portal]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  [[Customers are awesome. I have watched over 100 user sessions and summarized my learning here. So you don't have to 🧵]]
- {{[[DONE]]}}  Errand for [[Preface]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Fixed investor cannot access [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Coffee App]]
        - `point` has to be integer.
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Extends 201REFER discount code to [[May 16th, 2023]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Approve 3 PR from [[Cheryl Lai]] and [[Yoon Kim]]
- 17:00
    - {{[[DONE]]}} [[Cheryl Lai]] design critiques with [[Joseph Chan]] on [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Techbite Pro]]
        - Good way to let [[Cheryl Lai]] take a bit of initiatives and get feedback from [[Joseph Chan]]
        - Also [[Joseph Chan]] showcase he is capable for good feedback
            - Potentially explanation is too "advanced".
        - Design Critiques
            - Pros:
                - Information are relevant
                - Credit is prominent to educate users.
            - Improvement:
                - Credits can be more relevant when checking out.
                - Banner is easier to collect user context.
        - Decision:
            - Banner is every 3 techbites
            - 1 on 1 and Bootcamp scheduling can use existing UI/UX. (Buy Link / Customer Portal 1 to 1 scheduling)
- 17:30
    - Work with [[Ellen Lau]] and [[Carmen Yeung]] on [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]] update
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Estimate the effort needed to add 1 section “Project Showcase” for each Courses.
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Estimate the effort needed to add 3 images, Hero Image, Course Platform image, Overview Hero Image into each course detail page, controlled by Admin. (Gilbert Wat)
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Add a hard coded “Happy Graduate” Session, copied from 1 to 1 page. 
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Add a hard coded “Bootcamps at Preface” Session, copied from 1 to 1 page.
        - {{[[ARCHIVED]]}}  Add a hard coded, one-of-a-kid Experience, copied from 1 to 1 page.
        - {{[[ARCHIVED]]}}  Add a hard coded, Verified by experience, copied from 1 to 1 page.
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Add a way for Admin to add options to fill in for the source our customers know us.
- 18:30
    - [[Tylor Ng]] contact me out of the blue to share a story 
        - He need a lot of hard stuff to feel comfortable.
- New words for [[Theodore]]: Baba 🎉

