- [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Admin/Nomad/Student Portal & APIs]] and [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]] planning weekly
    - A suggestion to format all tickets in a requirement done state before we put into the sprint?
        - Taken by the team to focus on `Requirement done` status.
- Work on {{[[DONE]]}}  Record on BambooHR
    - Hi Vegas,
    - The interview went well. I think he is a passionate engineer who need some experience in the backend, which aligns our need. He can also share his Flutter knowledge with the rest of the team. But I have some yellow flags would like to seek your advice on it.
    - **Personal Introduction**
        - The experience he has is using Flutter and some basic backend tools in Firebase to develop some marketing apps for Swire company. 
        - Big plus is that he tested his apps very thoroughly. He and his team developed an app for a Swire event. The event has taken place in the country side of Hong Kong. So they even went to the hill to test how the app behaves when the connectivity is poor. It showed that he cares about the usability of his creation and willing to make an extra steps to make sure it.
        - A yellow flag is that he complains about the speed of change in Swire company. When I dug deep into the why, he mentioned that the team lead is not able to predict the business requirements from the marketing teammates. It seems he doesn't understand the fluidity of business, particularly marketing. It also shows his role and responsibility WILL greatly determine his solutions in team problems.
    - **Code test**
        - We went through the code test we have used in [[GOGOX]] to save some time. 
        - Big plus is he really remembered what Ben has commented to his code and system. It showed he is really passionate and cares about technical stuff.
        - A yellow flag is he is not good at test driven development and unable to come out with tests to test his system.
    - **Sharing of our team**
        - Yellow flag is that he claims he is a business minded person, but never ask about the business we are in and the bottleneck. Maybe he is trying to impress me.
- Work on {{[[DONE]]}}  Record on BambooHR
    - The interview went well. Please proceed.
    - Interview Notes:
    - We are a bit late because of the calendar confusion. NOT AGAIN 😅.
    - Deep dive into HKO projects
        - We went deep into his project in HKO. His project was a statistic turned multi-class classification project. His project was able to give prediction of different level of rainfall based on 7-8 different parameters. He is able to describe his work thoroughly, from data collection to model tuning and selecting test set and evaluation set, to defining output of the model. He is definitely put in work and thought in the project.
    - Questions from him
        - Is there any on the job training?
            - Big plus for him to ask this as we are looking for team player.
            - Big concern is for him to be let down by the level of sophistication here in the system.
- #[[Quick Capture]]
    - 
The Beautiful Mess
SubscribeSign in

Share this post

TBM 27/52: Mandate Levels
cutlefish.substack.com

Copy link

Twitter

Facebook

Email
TBM 27/52: Mandate Levels

John Cutler
Jul 1, 2021
31
Share this post

TBM 27/52: Mandate Levels
cutlefish.substack.com

Copy link

Twitter

Facebook

Email

Good news! I'm writing another book for Amplitude as a follow-up to the North Star Playbook. If you have 3-5 minutes to spare, I'd be grateful if you could contribute a short anecdote about a change effort. Thanks! It will help us make the book more accessible.
Autonomy. Empowerment. Agency. I hear, and use, these words often. But what do they mean? 
A couple years ago I tried to tackle this problem without getting bogged down in definitions. I came up with nine "levels" of work, ranging from very specific, to very general. I called them Mandate Levels, to capture the idea of a sphere of authority and autonomy. 
In this post, I'm going to share some example uses of the model. First, a big caveat. The whole point here is to have better conversations about a thorny, abstract topic. This is not a maturity model and this is not a way to "grade" teams. Don't do that! If anything it grades senior leadership’s ability to let go of the reigns.
#1:1 We can look at where teams operate. Here, Team 1 ...


