- 10:05
    - Regroup on
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Gather enough metrics from all levels and departments to construct an actionable company dashboard
            - Summary from all departments from all levels
                - We can categorize our data in two buckets by their usage
                    - Analytics data that helps drive alignments, decisions, strategy and business tactics
                        - Schedules count by weeks, change of nomad by weeks, usage of credits, sentiments in reviews ...etc.
                    - Operational data that helps our operations to be more on-point to our customers, less manual work
                        - Schedules, Campaigns, Students, Reviews, Orders, Call logs, Email logs, IM logs etc.
                - We can gather those data in different tools we used
                    - For our customers (demand side)
                        - **Prospects** as in people who know us
                            - [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]]
                            - Facebook
                                - Instagram
                            - Linkedin
                            - [[[[Preface]] Coffee & Wine]]
                        - When they show interest, we will classify them as **leads**
                            - Sleekflow
                            - Hubspot
                                - EDM
                            - IMs
                                - Whatsapp
                                - Linkedin
                                - Instagram
                                - iMessages
                                - Livechats
                                - Infobip
                            - Portal
                            - Eventbrite
                        - When they purchase from us, we will classify them as **customers**
                            - Portal
                            - Hubspot
                            - Infobip
                    - For our nomads (supply side)
                        - Recruitment
                            - BambooHR
                        - Training
                            - Learnworlds
                            - Portal
                        - Instructing
                            - Portal
                            - Google Meet / Zoom
            - Those data can be used to
                - Create insights for the business growth, examples:
                    - What product should we focus on?
                    - What classes should we tweak?
                    - What price point should we added
                - Improve efficiency, examples:
                    - The lead is hard to convert, why and what can we fix it?
                    - Conversion SOP is too long, let's fix it
                    - Churn rate is too high, let's do something to fix it
                    - Customer satisfaction is sky high in bootcamp A, let's propagate that
            - But one thing is certain
                - Garbage in, garbage out
                - Wrong data in, wrong insights out, bad decision quality
            - Help needed
                - Make sure you input the right data in to build our database.
                - It will help us do more intelligent features and save you time on manual work.
                    - After all, we are more than a button pusher.
            - Commitment made
                - The data in the dashboard will be more accurate and timely
                - The portal can only be more performant and user friendly than even
            - Problems related to data identified so far
                - Company wide
                    - No clear aligned KPIs to represent company health and focus other than revenue.
                        - Resolved in the first stage:
                            - LTV(Lifetime Value) of a customer
                            - CAC (Customer acquisition cost)
                            - CRC (Customer retention cost)
                        - Suggest we put in also some metrics to measure
                            - Product health
                            - Customer Satisfaction
                    - Individual customer data is hard to access
                        - Customer credit usage is not traced properly.
                        - Customer purchasing record is not readily available.
                        - Financial data is not guaranteed accurate in portal.
                    - Individual nomad data is hard to access
                        - Quantitative quality is hard to track
                            - Attendence
                            - NPS
                            - ..etc.
                    - Some key events in scheduled classes is not tracked, such as cancelling
                        - Hard to make sense of supply-demand balance
                    - The pricing model is disjoint
                        - 50 per coffee to 60K per executive course
                - Department specific
                    - BGM team
                        - Different tools will create different set of analytics with different standards.
                        - Cannot trace the whole journey of prospects to leads, leads to sales properly.
                    - Nomad team
                        - Quality of nomad cannot be measured, hence the reward system for nomads are all relied on human intervention.
                            - Coupled with class matching problem
                        - Quality of nomad is not enforceable as the supply is still not stable enough to churn nomads that is not suitable.
                        - Need a set of metrics to align and focus the team
                    - Community team
                        - Need a set of metrics to align and focus the team
                        - Need customer data to better serve our customers
                    - Sales team
                        - Need customer data to be able to upsell and cross sell
            - Expanded topics
                - How should we classify as a person who is showing interest to us
                    - Currently even some paid customer we consider them as leads
                        - Paid trial
                        - 1 off paid events
                - The user experience of our [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Admin/Nomad/Student Portal & APIs]]
                    - For students
                    - For our customers
                    - For nomads
                    - For Prefacer
                        - Finance team
                        - Nomad management team
                        - Sales team
                        - Community team
                        - Product team
                        - Tech team
                - System design problems
                    - Not flexible schedules, curricula, locations
                - How should we prepare our product to be enterprise ready?
                - How should we tweak our product to be adult friendly?
- 
- [[Theodore]] seems to be able to self-soothe by eating hand 🎉
