- [[ideas]] to post 1 [[Permanent Notes]] on [[Twitter]] every day.
- [[ideas]] [[GOGOX]] how to persuade [[Steven Lam]] to hire more engineers and product managers with a higher price
    - Feedback from different non tech teams are complaining already.
        - [[Amy Lee]] from [[[[GOGOX]] finance team]] already wish there is more automation to speed up the
        - [[Amethyst Lau]] from [[business]] team in [[GOGOX]] also tell the same.
        - [[Ivan Chan]] the Head of [[[[GOGOX]] Corp team]] also complain the solution we provide is not technology driven enough.
    - Where are the blockers?
        - From the business point of view, do the existing business provide a good enough margin to sustain failed experiments?
        - From the mindset point of view, do the leadership team has the right mindset to fail spectacularly, fast and learning? 
            - Who is the decision maker?
        - From historic point of view, do the tech team provides a positive result for the company?
            - From Valuation point of view?
            - From Revenue point of view?
        - From the company future point of view, How can a scalable technical team can help facilitate the conversation to build a [[[[ideas]] [[♾️ Marketplace]]]]?
- [[Personal Website v9.0]] continue
    - Different social media posts
        - [[Twitter]] of [[Myself]]
            - It is a Hong Kong, Cantonese loving, politically inclined account.
            - It will:
                - Shifting to a product and system thinking accounts. (80%)
                - Sprinkle with a bit of Cantonese and memes. (20%)
        - [[Facebook]]
            - It is a deep yellow, even borderline pro independence fugitive of NSL.
            - It will:
                - Spread good news.
        - [[Instagram]]
            - it is a deep yellow, politically inclined and history buff.
            - Travel
            - Friendship
        - [[Github]]
            - A dumpster of all my previously failed projects.
    - 
- [[[[books]]: Arsène Wenger]]
- #[[🧘🏻‍♂️ Self Awareness]] shut up when [[listen well]]
