- Leadership meeting
- [[1:1]] with [[Cheryl Lai]]
    - Converted to a task to ship Techbite Pro
- [[Anna Yu]] handover
    - Coffee App mainly 
- Interview for job shadowing
    - Meeting Ansen
        - Very into technology and coding and reading
        - "Experience is greater than any other ways of learning." from his parents.
        - Read a lot of books
        - Has a lot of problem solving skills.
- [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Website Revamp 2023]]
    - Kids conversion formula
        - FOMO parents
        - Future Plans
        - Happy Kids
- [[Jordan B. Peterson]] on facebook
    - I finally get how JP is ... bad (I cannot use a better word) but can be appealing to some.
        - Usage of vague terms and redefine well defined terms to benefit his argument and wow people who are drawn to intellectuals. (Postmodern neo Marxism anyone? ontologically transcendent anyone?) So for people who knows the real deal, he is a pretender.
        - If you take some of his view too far, you will arrive in an ideology close to fascism.
        - He is taking Judeo-Christan tradition too highly but make a lot of his own definition and translation to fit the 21st century world, which I kinda need to think twice.
        - His world view is hierarchical. Man this can be at least provocative.
        - He is very suggestive in his use of words to build up his religious vibe even when talking sth else.
        - He is FUCKING ANGRY. That will attract like vibe people.
    - How to "use" JP for your benefit:
        - Just as one of the top comment of ContraPoint said, "Trojan horse says it perfectly. Jordan Peterson helped me out of depression and nihilism while also leading me down a conservative rabbit hole. I wish he'd just stick to the self-help stuff" I think that will do him justice. I am now practicing to make my place tidy and chose my word wisely.
        - And I personally found his interpretation of Bible very unique and (probably I am not well read here) I never find the same angle of view. His view missed the whole point of Christianity (Love and compassion) but nevertheless a very unique view. and his delivery is on-point. Cannot beat his perceived sophistication.
    - Thanks Holok Chen Lynn Drinkwater Abraham Ng Kirk Lo Franco Solís, you have enlightened me!
    - References:
        - https://hackmd.io/rz5Gxo1mQoCWEPoXtjWqig
        - https://www.theguardian.com/science/2018/feb/07/how-dangerous-is-jordan-b-peterson-the-rightwing-professor-who-hit-a-hornets-nest
        - https://newrepublic.com/article/156829/happened-jordan-peterson
        - 
