- [[Tommie Lo]] a product initiative
    - Why?
        - We need more scalable product.
            - Current model is very high touch
            - Designer + Product + Curriculum is not a cohesive team
                - Why [[Preface]]?
                    - Personalized curricula
                    - Less commitment
                    - Flexible time and location
                    - Less formal requirements
                    - What do they want from [[Preface]]?
                    - When we are talking about adult is different from the kids?
                    - What is our promise as a company?
                        - Better future
                            - HKU seems better
                        - More applied
                        - No strategic design of curricula
                        - [[Tommie Lo]] answer 
                            - Lowest entry barrier to technology **Key takeaway**
                                - "There is nothing that cannot be learnt." tagline of [[Preface]]
                                - Questions from me
                                    - How does it connect to the marco polo concept of membership?
                                        - Later stage for this new product initiatives
                                    - How does it connect to our price point?
                            - Awareness -> Nurturing -> sales -> retention -> referral
                                - A lot of awareness
                                - very unscalable experience after nurturing
                            - Top up from trial class
                            - Keep yourself technological update.
                        - Problems from [[Hema Shah]] for the How
                            - Matching "algorithm" for the first few classes will affect the delivery quality
                            - What is the success metrics?
                            - Refund policy
            - Annual pass for bootcamp
            - Assumption
                - Human touch is a must in our sales pipeline
    - Team observation
        - We are focusing on execution problems
        - This is a strategic meeting
        - {{[[DONE]]}} What if we MVP this?
            - Price?
            - Schedule?
- Regroup with team on {{[[DONE]]}} Gather enough metrics from all levels and departments to construct an actionable company dashboard
    - General challenges
        - A lot of things are manual
            - a lot of copy & paste in the team and among the teams
                - So 1 observation point to say they are data educated, probably no system design training, hence the messiness
            - We need to sort out the priority and jobs to be done
        - Hard to track our customer journey
        - On point dashboard for Day to day workflows
        - A lot of innovative ideas from different teams
        - The third party tools have not integrate to our data ecosystem
        - Various quality of data from different teams
            - Depends on the urgency of the operation tasks
    - Aligned direction
        - Betterment of current dataset to provide insights
