- 08:30
    - [[[[[[Preface]] leadership team]] weekly meeting]]
        - What is the quality difference exactly for the B2C -> B2C regular -> B2B?
        - Key insights
            - Kids -> Marketing driven
            - Adult -> SEO driven
            - Experience Day
                - Coding driven
                    - AI + Robotic > NFT
                        - Why???
            - Cryptocurrency is very controversial
        - Qualitative data with authority
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Work with Connie to complete the curriculum asap
        - Expand python as HKU e learning + DSE need python
        - All staff as nomad ????
        - Nomad portal
        - Synergy of different team
- 10:30
    - Strategy of new product initiatives
        - Problem is the operation Inefficiency of the company?
            - Matching student <-> Nomad
            - Scheduling
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Subscription mode???? vs current mode of capturing value?
            - LTV vs CRC need to test
        - Curriculum?
            - depth vs bnreath
            - Sales driven curriculum
                - migrate to 1:1 vs bootcamp
- 11:58
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Remove Line Items status for [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Admin/Nomad/Student Portal & APIs]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Add multiple roles support for [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Admin/Nomad/Student Portal & APIs]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Add customer for [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: Admin/Nomad/Student Portal & APIs]]
- 12:15
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Tech sharing for [[May 11th, 2022]]
        - Outline
            - Hi I am Gilbert. I will treat this as a probation retrospective for me. =P
            - First question for all of us, What does tech team do in Preface?
            - After this session, I hope everyone can know more about
                - What does tech team suppose to do?
                - What does tech team really doing?
                - How to use tech team to the maximum?
            - through the sharing of our tech roadmap.
            - In this 3 months,
                - Diagnosis problems in the company and different departments around Engineering and Data.
                    - Messy data from the source, engineer was working as a downstream, bit and pieces development in portal..e.tc
                - Hiring and up-skilling the tech team.
                - Kickstart some initiatives to:
                    - Explore new business / product possibilities.
                    - Grow current product offering and customer base.
                    - Improve efficiency of our company.
            - So I see some takeaways from us.
                - We are good at:
                    - Helpful colleagues.
                    - Has a lot of ideas to improve your work.
                - We are struggling:
                    - Not sure if it is the right way?
                    - Which one should we do first?
            - Introduced Prioritization framework
                - 3x3
                    - By scope of impact
                        - Company > departments > individuals
                    - By user segment of impact
                        - Current customers > leads > prospects
                    - By Nature of impact
                        - Reliability > Efficiency > New vertical growth
                - Discussion welcome.
            - By this prioritization framework + company OKRs
                - Drive our Q2 OKRs
                    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qo540VoTxuYo0DU0Bj1F1_R6Vqp0uinNCdJTkbE_aqM/edit#gid=1602684839
                - Drive day to day BAU
                    - Data updates (Hopefully reduce to zero in this quarter)
                    - Dashboard tweaking
                - Drive our tech roadmap
                    - Portal revamp (Ben + Moses)
                        - Current project: Payment Link + Order revamp to connect with product OKRs
                        - Company impact, new + old customers, reliability 
                    - Website + blog Infrastructure update (Ben + Moses + Ehsan + Gilbert) 
                        - To provide a better infrastructure to build upon for our website and blogs
                            - Missing traffic -> missing OKRs for BGM team.
                        - Thanks everyone for participating the UAT, we found a couple of issues that we will resolve it this week.
                        - Company impact, reliability, new + old + leads + prospects
                    - Company Dashboard and data warehouse (Alex + Yoon)
                        - To provide leading indicators for our company health
                        - Company impact, reliability, new + old + leads + prospects
                - How to use us correctly?
                    - Problem based discussion.
                        - Share with us your problems in operation and tech
                        - Also share with us how you see the impact could be.
                        - We will connect the dot and try to solve it systematically.
                            - The solution ultimately could be not the same as yours, but your input is vastly 
                        - Example:
                            - Dashboard design
                            - Portal revamp
                        - Division of problems
                            - Product Engineering -> Ben
                            - Data -> Gilbert
                            - Not sure? -> Gilbert
                    - Mix and match the current tools we are using.
                    - Data, data, data.
                        - I understand our hunch may be mostly correct but with a data-informed decisions we can be more confident that we are going towards the same direction.
            - Q&A??
            - Lastly: 1 x (1 + 1%)^365 ~= 37.78. Improve everyday together. 💪 
- Lead to Sales + Usage
- Module decomposition
- 17:30
    - [[1:1]] [[Ehsan Ayaz]]
        - Not enough empathsis of work from tech team
            - Gilbert will address it
        - Business changes that why we have to change
            - No data backed up for the changes
                - Management problem
        - Not taken seriously
        - Port mortem
            - Tuesday
                - May have summer camp
            - Wednesday evening
                - Certainly have summer camp
            - Friday expectation
                - Have something to work on
                    - But no until end of the day 18:30
                        - Figma file (if there is)
                        - Doc file (containing wordings)
            - Saturday 
                - Work on it.
            - Sunday
                - Suddenly rushed by Gilbert & Carmen
                - work on it until 1am with [[Moses Ngan]]
        - Summer Squad???
        - [[Gilbert Wat]] 
