- [[How do you feel when you wake up?]]
    - {{slider}}
- Start the day **strong**!
- 10:00 - Thinking about [[Next steps]] after talking with [[Victor Lam]] yesterday
    - I am too tired and lack of passion in [[GOGOX]]
        - Symptons:
            - Burnt out episode x 2 in [[2021]] already.
                - With multiple attempts to [[preventing burnout]]
            - Not able to resolve some fundamental problems for our teammates who cares
                - Is [[GOGOX]] a technology company? [[🤔 Questions]]
                    - I think in the end, resource allocation is the answer for that and at least in [[GOGOX]] [[🏴Hong Kong]] side, we are not.
            - Execution of tasks is very slow.
            - I revert to become professional instead of passionate, productive instead of creative.
                - "你係老闆你決定啦"
                - "你中意"
                - "你話事"
        - Why?
            - I cannot see the vision of [[GOGOX]] as a promising [[company]].
                - What is the mission of [[GOGOX]]?
                    - Simplify logistics
                        - Are we doing this?
                            - When we are realizing the value into [[revenue]]?
                        - Do I still resonate with the mission?
                            - No I don't think so.
                                - There is too many things we don't think clearly about if it is still valid or not.
            - There is too many times a decision is made not timely enough to allow us grow again non-linearly since [[June 12th, 2017]]
                - Examples:
                    - [[Paul Leung]] underperformance and toxic behaviors.
                    - [[Terry Pang]] toxic behaviors.
                    - [[Reeve Kwan]] risk intolerence.
                    - Korean team and Taiwan team underperformance.
                - The problem is from CEO.
                    - Or it is not the CEO problem, CEO already made up his mind to be a normal company and grow slowly.
                        - But he, like me, refuse to accept this is the fact and actions already speak. [[Denial of reality]]
                            - And we should be content with it.
                - Result
                    - I am tired of the recurring bullshit.
                        - Rage is still there, but growing hopeless.
                            - [[Burnout]] as a result.
            - I cannot do a good job
                - What is a good job? #[[🧘🏻‍♂️ Self Awareness]]
                    - Make things people want.
                    - Write a software that is scalable, maintainable and reliable.
                    - To build a world class team with the above two.
                    - And in the process, I can improve everyone's life around me.
                - Why?
                    - Resource constraint and organization constraints
                        - I cannot recruit people who are motivated with the mission.
                        - I cannot focus on projects as there can be too many distracting tasks and drama.
            - I tried too many times and failed.
                - I incurred some organization debt with the immature reactions and wordings previous me.
                    - That I am quite aware and I can fix those.
                - I am unable to influence decision makers to take us seriously.
                    - Who are the decision makers?
                        - Founders?
                    - What did I try?
                        - Did I try to get closer with the founders?
                            - Did I get to understand their needs and self-opinion?
                            - Did I get to understand their hobbies and life?
    - So what could be my [[Next steps]]?
        - I want to build a capacity to be able to feed my family no matter [[Where should I station?]] [[Globalized self]]
            - What am I missing?
        - I want to be able to do a good job.
            - What is a good job? #[[🧘🏻‍♂️ Self Awareness]]
                - Make things people want.
                - Write a software that is scalable, maintainable and reliable.
                - To build a world class team with the above two.
                - And in the process, I can improve everyone's life around me.
        - I want to be able to get my home [[🏴Hong Kong]] back.
    - Am I in a hurry?
        - No. [[GOGOX]] pays good and I can use the freedom and autonomy and brand to plot my [[Next steps]]
- [[Ergon]] team meeting
    - Praise the timely response for mongoDB incidents
    - Maintain the vibe!
    - A few reminders
        - Focus on the project goal
            - Ship ASAP
            - Functional
            - Shortest time for everyone
- [[Ben Lin]] is leaving to Facebook as a solution architect
- [[Ergon]] meeting
    - Good vibe brings good result
    - People want me to be a good mediator and arbiter #[[🧘🏻‍♂️ Self Awareness]]
    - Focus on the good and project goals can brings good result
