- https://podcasts.apple.com/hk/podcast/twenty-minute-vc-venture-capital-startup-funding-pitch/id958230465?l=en&i=1000473983948
- #Notes Read https://podcasts.apple.com/hk/podcast/twenty-minute-vc-venture-capital-startup-funding-pitch/id958230465?l=en&i=1000473983948 
    - Topics
        - [[Founder Interviews]]
    - Excerpt
        - This is an interview with the [[Founder]] of [[RoamResearch]]. In this interview  there are quite a lot of insights of how to build a successful startup with a 
        - As a mission statement, So as any [[building a [[company]]]], need to be able to serve as a [[culture building]], it has to be divisive. Someone should love it, someone should hate it. And this is a way to filter the ((5IAKiRSLI)) and ((bDwC3VeiC)). Another example is [[Notion]], [[RoamResearch]] and [[Notion]] is the same category but with fundamental different approach. Last one is [[Evernotes]] founder [[Tiago Forte]].
        - ((5IAKiRSLI)) 
            - They should be feeling the most pain from your problem statements. So as [[RoamResearch]], the users need to organize the brain and there is no good tools to do the wild connection that only as a Eureka.
            - Mission statement can be a tool to determine
        - When it comes to hiring, we need to stress test the people you hire. To test the grit of the interviewees, there are a few tricks. In 42 hacking school, they are using 2 hours of online tests. Also, [[RoamResearch]] requires new joiners to live with the team for 6-8 weeks.
        - [[graph [[database]]]] is the future of knowledge management as it is more natural to connect the knowledge.
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Takeaways 
- Meeting Notes in [[Ergon]]
    - [[Time used]] in [[Ergon]]
        - 45min
    - Oscar is not fit
        - Defensive
        - Not knowledgable
