- Continue {{[[DONE]]}} [[[[Preface]] 2.0: credit system]] Thinking
    - {{[[DONE]]}} [[[[Preface]] 2.0: credit system]] Thinking
        - Why do we need it?
            - We need a scalable business model.
                - We are essentially a company to lower the psychological barrier to tech 
                - What is define as "scalable"?
                    - human touch in our fulfillment of services is only for the exceptional case for our business.
                        - teacher-student matching based on the students' and teachers' experience.
                        - Payment to First class schedule.
                        - providing the right contents to the students.
                        - Providing an immersive experience for our students
                        - Providing our students a positive outcome.
                    - A rapid feedback loop for our efforts in improving our fulfillment of services
            - The current business operation is hard to scale.
                - Hard to calculate our key metrics
                    - LTV
                    - CAC
                - Long customer journey to from lead to payment to first class.
                - High human touch on our critical business operations
                    - Can only scale linearly with more people
                    - Human judgement elements are needed for matching and providing contents.
        - What do we need to validate? What is our assumptions?
            - We are in a bottleneck and it is **not** our execution that is not scalable.
            - There is a need for a form of teaching and coaching session for
                - online
                - 1 on 1
                - coding
                - in every levels of expertises
            - We can figure a way to reliably distill and deliver technology knowledge to layman
        - How can we validate our assumptions minimally?
            - Direction of thought
                - What is our strength?
                    - Human touch 
                        - of our kids' parents
                        - of our corporate clients
                        - of our nomads
                - Where is our data?
                    - Portal
                    - Google Analytics
                    - Customer feedback
                    - Infobip
                    - Hubspot
                    - Sleekflow
                - Where is our network?
                    - International Schools in Hong Kong
                    - Corporate in Hong Kong
                    - Parents in Hong Kong
        - References:
            - https://outschool.com/#abl38jefyq
            - https://generalassemb.ly/
            - https://tecky.io/en/
            - https://www.bitdegree.org/online-learning-platforms
    - Why do Tommie understand it is a revamp instead of optimization?
        - Characters? What is my missing context?
            - Pressure from investors?
        - Just want to refocus it is a things to do rather than a political thoughts.
            - Because this may reveal some of our assumptions
    - Where can our data come from?
    - 
- 
