- [[How do you feel when you wake up?]]
    - {{slider}}
- Start the day **strong**!
- [[[[GOGOX]] Partner Wallet]] write up
    - [[software delivery]]
    - How can we prevent such delay again?
    - The project has been delayed for quite a few times
    - So integrating your lessons, there can be a few lessons:
    - For leaders:
        - Negotiation with Roger should not be falling apart. (I can partly influence)
        - No 1 senior engineer in 1 business critical project. (Lack of governance also maybe a cause) <--- Partly my fault to not understand how critical it is and ask Victor to go full in this project too. Roger should not go alone.
        - For any project handover, ask the receiver to stop and re-access everything, clear uncertainty as much as possible. <---My priority again is not there.
    - For engineers:
        - DON’T be product driven at crucial moment, be very engineering focus and say the inconvenient truth, or else will be like 賽博大樓.
        - Reiterate when the scope change the whole “estimation” changes and let product and business choose.
    - Of course the best is do project estimation first with a clear project goal
- [[Ergon]] meetings
    - [[Jennifer Law]]
    - [[Kwong Kin Ming (KM)]]
    - [[software delivery]] [[Managing projects]]
    - The problem
        - [[Jennifer Law]] and [[Chinna]] has to crawl a lot of candidates from linkedin and input them to Bullhorn.
        - There are a lot of records already in spreadsheet but stuck in the import process
    - The current import process
        - The candidates information are stored in a spreadsheets called BIG_BOSS
        - Those information then will needed to import to Bullhorn
        - The current process is to send the XLS to Chris and chris will input.
            - 60 hours for 6000+ records
            - If there is "duplication", only the first one is created in bullhorn.
            - Then the other records will need another routine to "upload"
            - Requires [[Chris Tsang]]'s time and attention, hence the bottleneck
    - Resolution:
        - It is a non-urgent but important project.
            - Phase 0:
                - [[Jennifer Law]] and [[Chinna]] will make sure there is no candidates with the same name in the same spreadsheet.
                - [[Kwong Kin Ming (KM)]] will start to develop an API to upload CSV to import candidates with all work histories and educations to mongodb + Bullhorn
                - It may commence after [[May 27th, 2021]] our grand launch
            - Phase 1:
                - [[Jennifer Law]] will connect directly with the crawlers and pymongo to MongoDB.
                - [[Kwong Kin Ming (KM)]] will connect the crawlers' data with the current app collections about candidates
            - Phase 2:
                - [[Kwong Kin Ming (KM)]] will connect the current app candidates collections to Bullhorn
        - [[Myself]] will swing by if need some mongoDB training.
        - [[Kingson Kwan]] will kindly update [[Jennifer Law]]'s KPI to count candidates in spreadsheet instead of candidates in Bullhorn
    - vibe
        - {{slider}}
        - Very focus
- 
