[![A group of c - suite executive figuring out a black box, their facial
expression is either despair or furious or disengaged](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/46ac4b86-dc22-4a2a-a8df-596ac9958e8d_1024x1024.png)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F46ac4b86-dc22-4a2a-a8df-596ac9958e8d_1024x1024.png)

The recent McKinsey article on measuring software developer productivity
raised a lot of eyebrows. It aims to shed some lights on the black box of
software development, but it failed to do so by missing the mark on a lot of
fundamentals in developing software.

In this economic situation, a lot of non-technical C-suites are looking for
opportunities to increase their capital efficiency. Understandably, this trend
creates a strong need of solution to measure the productivity of development
team. An useful set of metrics can assist the C-suites to make informed
decision, they hope. So I will highlight some excerpts from the article and
give some of my comments. After this, you will understand how the issue
influence a practitioner and brings new insights to this issue.

## On a layered mental model to measure productivity

> To use a sufficiently nuanced system of measuring developer productivity,
> it’s essential to understand the three types of metrics that need to be
> tracked: those at the system level, the team level, and the individual
> level."

While understanding metrics at some abstracted layered levels can provide
useful mental model, we must be careful not to fall into the trap of thinking
we can optimize each level independently. As a famous IT theory: Conway's Law
tells us, the structure of systems reflects the structure of the organization
that builds them. You can't just slap a new metric on a system and expect it
to change behaviors.

## On actual metrics to measure productivity

> And while metrics such as story points completed or interruptions can help
> determine optimization, they require more investigation to identify
> improvements that might be beneficial.

I wish this is true. Here the authors seems to miss the definition of a story
point is team-dependent, so just tracking story points doesn't tell you much
unless you understand how that team defines and estimates them. Garbage in,
garbage out.

## On a high level view on the day-to-day of developers

> Inner/outer loop time spent. To identify specific areas for improvement,
> it’s helpful to think of the activities involved in software development as
> being arranged in two loops (Exhibit 2). An inner loop comprises activities
> directly related to creating the product: coding, building, and unit
> testing.

I do appreciate their attempt to get a easy to digested picture of the "inner
loop" and "outer loop" of development activities. That's a useful framework
for non-technical folks to understand where developers spend their time.

## On a structured developer effort attribution

> Contribution analysis. Assessing contributions by individuals to a team’s
> backlog (starting with data from backlog management tools such as Jira, and
> normalizing data using a proprietary algorithm to account for nuances) can
> help surface trends that inhibit the optimization of that team’s capacity.

However, the idea of benchmarking individual contributions gives me pause.
While assessing individuals' contributions through tools like Jira can surface
trends, normalizing and benchmarking those contributions across teams sounds
ripe for abuse. I still had nightmare when leaders attempted to compare story
points from different teams and tried to judge which is the better team.

## On a structured capabilities map of developers

> Based on industry standard capability maps, this score is a summary of the
> individual knowledge, skills, and abilities of a specific organization.
> Ideally, organizations should aspire to a “diamond” distribution of
> proficiency, with the majority of developers in the middle range of
> competency.

I'm on board with their point about capability mapping to understand team
skills. But quantifying knowledge work has proven difficult, as the DNA of
knowledge work is creative. Atomize and measure it is a hard labor.

## On pitfall of metrics

> Misuse is most common when companies try to employ overly simple
> measurements…

The authors rightly warn against employing "overly simple measurements." Any
metric optimized too narrowly becomes more damaging than helpful. Leaders must
understand the system-wide implications of measurements, not just move the
needle on one.

## On leaders’ mindset towards building software

> To truly benefit from measuring productivity, leaders and developers alike
> need to move past the outdated notion that leaders “cannot” understand the
> intricacies of software engineering, or that engineering is too complex to
> measure.

Their call for leaders to better understand software development is spot on.
Different situations call for different metrics to improve outcomes.
Standardized benchmarking often backfires by when your goal is to compare and
judge rather than understand and improve.

## On implementation

While parts of the article provide useful food for thought, the concluding
steps for "getting started" seem half-baked. I suggest you avoid it totally
other than the last part.

## In conclusion

So in conclusion, a lot of call to actions for leaders to work on
understanding software development is spot on. Unfortunately a lot of
fundamentals are missing and it weakens its arguments. Leaders must not take
this piece as face value and dogmatically ask the dev team to "figure it out".
Instead, you should consult a trusted tech lead that care to understand your
business and gained respect from the tech team. They will provide insights to
your bottlenecks in capitalizing the effort of tech team into business result.

[Leave a comment](https://mvtechstack.substack.com/p/is-mckinsey-right-on-
developer-productivity/comments)

References:

  1. <https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/technology-media-and-telecommunications/our-insights/yes-you-can-measure-software-developer-productivity>

  2. <https://www.atlassian.com/blog/teamwork/what-is-conways-law-acmi>

  3. <https://www.atlassian.com/agile/project-management/estimation>

  4. <https://learntrepreneurs.com/books-reading-better-learning-more/zettelkastens-3-note-taking-levels-help-you-harvest-your-thoughts/>

  5. <https://tidyfirst.substack.com/p/effortoutputoutcomeimpact-take-2>

  6. <https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity>

[Subscribe now](https://mvtechstack.substack.com/subscribe?)

Start writing today. Use the button below to create your Substack and connect
your publication with Gilbert Wat's Substack

[Start a
Substack](https://substack.com/refer/gilbertwat?utm_source=substack&utm_context=post&utm_content=undefined&utm_campaign=writer_referral_button)

