[![Zombie saying "agile" without thinking it. ](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/f75bbec5-9bc5-498b-bbac-
fad69960e9e8_1024x1024.png)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Ff75bbec5-9bc5-498b-bbac-
fad69960e9e8_1024x1024.png)

## Preface

**"Agile"** is a word that has haunted me for more than a decade. Since I
started as a software engineer, everyone in the industry said they are
"agile". It is almost a dogma for people working in the technology industry.

Different teams will try different ways of Agile to build software. The teams
with access to more capital will throw in different titles of intermediary
roles, such as project managers, business analysts and the latest iteration –
product managers, hoping to translate the business requirements to the
builders, or translate the value built by builders to a viable business.
Another solution is to throw in different workflows and processes such as
SAFe, Scrum, Kanban …etc. But can the above solutions build good software?

Let’s set the stage by assuming everyone in the project has the same goal: A
successful go-to-market followed by a sustainable business growth. Without it,
nothing will work and no one can save the project. So with that assumption,
does the agile principles still useful in 2023? Let us go through all 12 of
them one by one and see if they still provide guidance and insights to help us
ship better digital products.

## 1\. Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and
continuous delivery of valuable software. Welcome to changing requirements,
even late in development. (Partly)

[![](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/22daf349-b683-495a-8e3e-3daf49459fc8_311x240.jpeg)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F22daf349-b683-495a-8e3e-3daf49459fc8_311x240.jpeg)

This can be the first and the most misunderstood principle at the same time.
Teams especially with less experience on shipping digital product will be
tempted to introduce unnecessary changes late in the development, without
input from the customers.

To battle this, the “early and continuous delivery of valuable software”
should always precede. By shipping it and getting customers’ feedback as early
as possible, we can calibrate our understanding of what is a “valuable
software”.

In 2023, we are in a better than ever position to ship MVPs on the web, even
with an ever-increasing standard from the market. UI Kits such as
[TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) or [MaterialUI](https://mui.com/),
with some all-rounded software frameworks like [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
and [Ruby on Rails](https://rubyonrails.org/), with PaaS such as
[Vercel](https://vercel.com/) and [Supabase](https://supabase.com/),
supercharged with ChatGPT and Midjourney, Any nimble team can ship meaningful
MVPs even faster. The focus will switch to understand the customers, and
constantly evolve with them. Which brings us to the next principle.

## 2\. Agile processes harness change for the customer’s competitive
advantage. (Yes)

[![A product or service without marketing is not gonna make
it.](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/038d7244-7c38-4972-a47d-a73119956540_370x309.jpeg)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F038d7244-7c38-4972-a47d-a73119956540_370x309.jpeg)

This principle is too 阿媽係女人(Cantonese slang that means cliché) – type of
truism. A truly agile team should understand their customers and build towards
the competitive advantage of the customers. Our new tools such as Midjourney,
ChatGPT and such may even be a distraction for developers to build on the
competitive advantages.

For developers, it might be beneficial to keep reminding ourselves that we are
building something of business value. The shiny framework might be very cool
to put on your CV, but it might not be very useful to the company, if you
cannot understand how it can support the business better.

## 3\. Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple
of months, with a preference to the shorter timescale. (The Norm)

The key is to deliver in a quick cadence, but not quicker. Of course, it is
very preferable to ship and publish more often to collect customers’ feedback,
but with some new technology, such as the foundation model of LLMs or smart
contract, publishing too often is not favorable, if not improbable.

It also depends on the audience of your software to have a certain standard on
product quality. For example, if your product is targeting pioneers and
enthusiasts of your domain, the UI of your MVPs can be a bit clunky. But if
your product is targeting the general mass, the UI will be more demanding.
Your release cadence should be a cadence that you can maintain the quality
your customers demand.

To do so, you need to separate the slowly iterating parts with the fast
changing one. A good architecture is needed and a good architecture

Is there anyway to improve an already ruined architecture?

[Leave a comment](https://mvtechstack.substack.com/p/12-are-agile-still-
relevant-in-2023/comments)

## 4\. Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the
project. (Idealistic)

[![Shaking hands between developers and business person.](https://substack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/d84a7819-93a7-45b1-b40f-b13942a58e6a_1024x1024.png)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fd84a7819-93a7-45b1-b40f-b13942a58e6a_1024x1024.png)

This principle is one of the most underrated principle. Even if we are
developing software with those “slow” technology above, business people and
developers need to talk daily to ship useful and adaptive software. In the
current market, a software with a bad touch with their customers lose traction
and growth. The dangerous part of the drop is always hard to spot in the first
stage, and it builds up a momentum. It can be cancerous. A quick 5-minute sync
every day can build rapport and trust within the team and avoid the slow death
of your product.

There are a lot of best practices on this such as 2-pizza team, Scrum rituals,
Kanban workflows that facilitate this. This also implies a very fundamental
shift in organizing teams — The team needs to be full stack, from lead
generation to delivery of services, which is why agile is still a thing: Not
every company can avoid the cost of reorganizing themselves to harness the
power of this principle. This also means, if your company can do so, your
product team will constantly ship improvements adapting to the changes in the
market and technology.

## 5\. Build projects around motivated individuals. Give them the environment
and support they need, and trust them to get the job done. (Too Ideal)

[![Happy girls' basketball team cheering up each other.](https://substack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/34b77a05-879b-4c4f-9015-7a58fcf2014c_2800x1867.jpeg)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F34b77a05-879b-4c4f-9015-7a58fcf2014c_2800x1867.jpeg)

I find this principle super hard to execute. Either the team is too detached
to achieve the business goal or the team is under tremendous delivery pressure
and has no time to calibrate with the business, resulting the software built
is off to achieve business goals.

And motivation is a tricky thing. Different people have different motivation.
As of all the management advice out there, I always believe it is easier said
than done. When emotions and human nature are in force, any ideal on how to
organize ourselves will be very impractical, if not even impossible to
implement.

## 6\. The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and
within a development team is face-to-face conversation. (Need an upgrade)

This is another principle that has many interpretations. People usually
communicate best with face-to-face conversation. And sometimes most of us will
make the documentation an afterthought, or think that documentation will be
difficult to construct with face-to-face communication. I wonder if this is
still the case with the current technology such as LLMs, Speech-to-text models
and other generative AI technology.

Thanks to the current technology, those face-to-face communications can be
recorded, transcribed and processed. This can greatly shorten the time to
prepare and share your knowledge with your teammates. Documentation of any
kind can be an essential resource for any product team. The knowledge base can
be an ever-growing resource for improving the product and understanding the
context of some key decisions made.

We can take this principle further in 2023.

What do you think? Is this principle relevant?

[Leave a comment](https://mvtechstack.substack.com/p/12-are-agile-still-
relevant-in-2023/comments)

Thanks for reading Minimal Viable Architecture! Subscribe for free to receive
new posts and support my work.

