This is a post following up my [previous
post](https://mvtechstack.substack.com/p/12-are-agile-still-relevant-in-2023).
If you haven’t read it, I recommend you start over there and continue here.

## 7\. Working software is the primary measure of progress.

[![](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/efc52269-1979-427a-904c-af86baa55228_768x881.jpeg)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fefc52269-1979-427a-904c-af86baa55228_768x881.jpeg)

Again, this is a principle that is badly misunderstood. The definition of
working software has to come from our customers. If our customers are getting
value from our software, it can be seen as working. If the customers have
updated their expectation of our software, we need to act on it and update our
software to meet their needs. The effort can not only be adding new features,
but also to trim down offerings, sunsetting seldom used features or
reorganizing functionalities.

With the new capabilities brings in from LLMs and blockchain, the expectation
of our customers will be more personalized than before. But the definition of
working software has not changed — our customers have to find values in our
software.

There are a lot of best practices such as definition of done, continuous
delivery, Kanban, aim as an implementation of this principle. But the problem
is that they are a bit limiting to internal tech team cadence and efficiency.
Generally, hiccups happen in the “upstream”. The project scope, the
expectation, and the completeness of the software produced. Without all these,
none of the software can help the business grow.

Want to increase your peace of mind in software development? Subscribe for
FREE to receive new insights.

## 8\. Agile processes promote sustainable development. The sponsors,
developers, and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.

[![](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/5e38d9a9-2ba9-4c42-ad10-5c10535f5e19_600x400.jpeg)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F5e38d9a9-2ba9-4c42-ad10-5c10535f5e19_600x400.jpeg)

This is a response to the unsustainable delivery pressure from the business
owners. When the software development process is opaque, software projects can
go under the radar for a long time. When it is finally done, the resultant
software doesn't meet the business need.

On the other side of the aisle, some horror stories of companies require teams
to go on a 996 style sprint for 6 months. This tiresome working style always
resulted in burned out teams. They are too tired to bring improvements and
innovation, and becomes a drone that churns out code. Even worse, the software
they deliver cannot meet the business requirements still because of subpar
quality. What a lose-lose situation.

So this principle is an ideal for business owners and developers, but we still
need to understand the reality. Of course, developers should provide value
continuously by doing our best – solving customers’ problems effectively and
efficiently. But also has the realization is there is no party that goes
forever, if the projects reach a stage that no longer mutually beneficial, it
is ok to leave.

## 9\. Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances
agility.

[![](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/f6c9e995-e781-45b3-bfc2-0126c58e29a6_1200x864.png)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Ff6c9e995-e781-45b3-bfc2-0126c58e29a6_1200x864.png)

A lot of digital product owners now understand the concept of “technical
debt”. A lot of time, due to the constraints of budget and lack of
understanding of the domain, we almost always pay a lot of technical debt to
bootstrap the project. But good news to our business owners and developers, in
2023 there are more ways to bootstrap a project without incurring a lot of
technical debt than ever. Finding a trustworthy technical partners will be a
top priority for non-technical business owners. Sponsors and owners of those
digital product initiatives should also gain an understanding of the basics of
software development, such as CI/CD, TDD, and agile to minimize technical debt
incurred unnecessarily.

## 10\. Simplicity–the art of the amount of work not done–is essential.

[![iPod 3rd, when design meet engineering.](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/ac387102-bc17-4d3e-818e-4409b8f3d759_1563x2000.png)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fac387102-bc17-4d3e-818e-4409b8f3d759_1563x2000.png)

From the business people’s perspective, this principle sounds like engineers
are all lazy and chill! All tech guys want is no work, no hustle. And the
perks given to the tech team such as working from home, coupled with clips on
TikTok showing engineers working from poolside, doesn’t help at all this
narrative. Thus, we have the Return to Office movement and the famous Elon
Musk takeover of Twitter (Now X).

But this is far from the truth. This principle is all about being thoughtful
about the features we are adding to the system. They will always add
complexity to the system, both from the operation and maintenance perspective.
That is why most of the B2C digital products have a very narrow feature set
from the outsiders’ view. But once you drill a bit below the services, there
are tons of optimization and thoughts have been put into the products.

And the next question becomes, how to be accountable for business growth in an
agile team setting. As an agile team with a product mindset, one of the
proxies can be some key product metrics. What do you think?

[Leave a comment](https://mvtechstack.substack.com/p/22-is-agile-still-
relevant-in-2023/comments)

## 11\. The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-
organizing teams

This is also a principle badly implemented. Self-organizing teams require a
lot of experience and maturity from all teammates. More importantly, the
organization has to organize themselves correctly.

None of the software codebase I have touched can escape the Conway’s law – The
code is just a representation of the organization the team is working with.
The Conway’s law also implies that if your enterprise is poorly organized with
such as murky reporting structure, overlapping responsibilities,
micromanagement…etc. Your product would not be able to scale, and your growth
will stagnant.

Even with the new technology emerging such as Generative A.I. and blockchain,
you can still find it lack of usefulness if your organization is not organized
digitally and clearly.

## 12\. At regular intervals, the team reflects on how to become more
effective, then tunes and adjusts its behavior accordingly.

[![An alarm clock to keep your cadence and pace.](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/76443d34-38d0-4b0f-a906-daba2ec5fa3f_4288x2848.png)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F76443d34-38d0-4b0f-a906-daba2ec5fa3f_4288x2848.png)

The ideal interval is monthly. The less ideal interval is whenever you smell
the disunion in a team.

You might say why this interval is ideal. What about the synergy? What about
the team composition? What about the stage of the project…?

The interval is just a discipline for teams to come together and reflect on
their effectiveness. With the current set of technology, we can harness the
vast amount of data available on a lot of previously unavailable sources, such
as meeting notes, transcription of meetings. We can then leverage the LLM
capabilities and video recordings to take a more data-driven approach to bring
the team to the next level.

One of the exceptions could be that business is pivoting to a new direction or
entering a new stage. If your team is going from maintenance stage to
exploratory stage, or from prototyping stage to high-growth stage.

## Epilogue – Agile is still a thing, but it is not completed

[![zombie saying "agile".](https://substack-post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com/public/images/6d0530a8-dfa6-47c3-9a23-a6ee2418aa55_1024x1024.png)](https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-
post-
media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F6d0530a8-dfa6-47c3-9a23-a6ee2418aa55_1024x1024.png)

After such a long piece, I make the case that the agile principles are a set
of principles of how to run a tech team with business impact. But it is not
without some missing pieces. Its goal is to increase the success rate of a
software project. It did so by suggesting “new” mindsets and practices to
facilitate the communication between teammates with such a vast difference in
experts, upbringing, and day to day routine. It is always hard.

Agile can be a guidance on some parts of the mindset and practices, but it is
neither the full picture nor the root you can anchor to. We need to choose.
The part of promoting technical excellence in business sustainability and
growth perspective, and highlighting the ultimate of any software should serve
the organizational goals are still a good principle. Hence, my recommendation
on agile is: you should use it as a piece of incomplete recommendation. It
shows a possible step to improve how we organize our team, improve the
communication, and results an increase in the success rate of your software
projects.

And in the age of public blockchain and LLM technology, Agile serves as a good
reminder that new technology is serving the human to improve our life. It can
enable us to collaborate in a new way and raise the bar of the quality of our
work. It is us to communicate and synthesize our creativity to create
something better.

Thanks for reading so far! Free to share it to your friends also interested in
building awesome software.

[Share](https://mvtechstack.substack.com/p/22-is-agile-still-relevant-
in-2023?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=email&utm_content=share&action=share)

