# The mornings and nights around Tenderloin

During my stay in San Francisco with my CODE4HK comrades, I was staying in an
hostel located near the crossroad of Larkin Street and Ellis…

* * *

### **The mornings and nights around Tenderloin**

During my stay in San Francisco with my CODE4HK comrades, I was staying in an
hostel located near the crossroad of Larkin Street and Ellis Street. The
neighborhood is called Tenderloin, known as one of the most dangerous place in
San Francisco. In the first night of my stay, after a couple glasses of
strangely crafted beer, I was very interested in exploring the neighborhood,
at night. Failing to convince my health conscious friends to go with me, I
decided to go alone. I decided to take a 5-minute walk around the
neighborhood.

Before venturing out, I gave my purse and phone to Vincent. “In case I don’t
come back in 10 minutes, call police, my family and my girlfriend, of course
you can sell my iPhone.”

Once I stepped out of the hostel, oh boy I was not disappointed. A bearded and
stinky guy stared to nowhere with eyes wide open like they saw something
horrible. A man fighting and swearing to air. An apparently normal woman
passed by me, shouted at my back like a wolf. A couple both covered with
tattoo arguing what position should they do later. People even discharging
around corners of the street.

I managed to keep my adrenaline level high, trying hard to make a straight
face. I have completed my 5 minute walk around the neighborhood. I got into
the hostel, without a bullet in my body or human fetus under my shoes. I could
barely sleep that night.

The next night, I heard gunshot and siren.

During my stay, I also took jog in the neighborhood in the mornings, one
morning, I saw a long line of mostly men lining up in front of a church. In a
closer look there, they are waiting for food. But once I jogged two blocks
away, I am once again in the Promised Land. The land of opportunity.

The contrast is too visible. I figure what is the tradeoff in this society
that lead to this.

By [Gilbert Wat](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat) on [November 9,
2015](https://medium.com/p/9fe512d6acd1).

[Canonical link](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat/the-mornings-and-nights-
around-tenderloin-9fe512d6acd1)

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on April 18, 2024.

