# 1 backward compatibility decision hampers your product

My mother is a secondary school(Grade 7–12 equivalent)teacher. She is
experimenting a new way of teaching. The way of teaching requires the…

* * *

### 1 backward compatibility decision hampers your product

My mother is a secondary school(Grade 7–12 equivalent)teacher. She is
experimenting a new way of teaching. The way of teaching requires the student
to study the topic of electro-magnet and motor online. After studying online,
they need to make an electric motor on their own. The electric motor need to
be working. To prove it, the students will record a video, and send it to
their teachers. Those videos will be used for grading. Moreover, those videos
are also curated and shared during class.

To conduct such experimental and digital way of teaching, my mother is using
an e-class solution to aide her. Unfortunately, she is not able to fully use
the product. The product is unable to fulfill her need for student to upload
their videos for her to grade. Some of their students are unable to upload
videos using their platform. At first, the reason is of course unknown to my
not so IT proficient mother. As it is very strange for some of her students
are able to make it work but some don’t. But some of her colleagues identify
the platform doesn’t support iPhone 5 or before, also most of the lower end of
Andriod device on mobile web.

Discussing such issue with my father who used to be a CTO, he made a comment
that this is a normal engineering decision. The engineer me agree totally.
Wearing my engineering hat, I will argue that if you support till iPhone 5 and
Android 4.4, 98.5% of the population will be able to use your product. But the
product me immediately counter it. Could you spot the problem of such
argument?

The pitfall of such thinking is that the world population is not your target
user base. In this case of e-class solution, the target user base should be
the students of normal, local funded secondary school. By making the backward
compatibility list so short, you are essentially blocking under-privileged
students to fully participate in the learning experience and harness the
benefit provided by your software. Your software is discriminating poor
students who can only afford old or low-end smart phone, in a stricter term.

So as a software developer with product mindset, I will put in extra effort to
support phones mostly used by poor students, maybe based on teacher feedback
and analytics.

Lastly, I think the biggest takeaway is that, sometimes conventional thinking
will shoot you in the foot and each product decision needs multiple
perspectives to be more thoughtful and serve your user base better.

By [Gilbert Wat](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat) on [April 5,
2017](https://medium.com/p/f31f4ac470b5).

[Canonical link](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat/1-backward-compatibility-
decision-hampers-your-product-f31f4ac470b5)

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on April 18, 2024.

