# How to make agile work as a developer? (Pt. 3)

Previously in Pt. 1[1] & 2[2], we discuss 3 tactics to discuss priorities and
make sure all parties is aligned. The last part I can share…

* * *

### How to make agile work as a developer? (Pt. 3)

Previously in Pt. 1[1] & 2[2], we discuss 3 tactics to discuss priorities and
make sure all parties is aligned. The last part I can share some of the
mindset changes I went through to better collaborate with other stakeholders.

**People are not machine, please repeat your message**  
Most of the people work differently than a computer, the computer runs
whatever you command it whenever you invoke it, endlessly. Every single time
it gives the same output with same input if no changes is made to the system.
But people work differently. One of the key difference is that people tends to
heard your message after a few (or a lot of) repeating. If people unable to
understand you, try rephrase it, describe it in different way and better
still, hear the others’ perspective and deliver your message in their way of
speaking or thinking. So be patience to try to say the same things in
different ways in different time.

**Just be fair, even to yourself**  
Some of the developers I work and have worked with have the misconception that
people don’t understand software engineers, and vice versa. And after a few
failures, the thought cemented in their brains and they stop making the effort
to communicate.[3] Preserve my brave warrior! Make sure you are rational and
professional and you will attract same type of person to you. You are one of
the voice and we are all equally heard.

In conclusion, I think the important lesson is that we should communicate at
our best efforts and seek the team you enjoy working with.

#### References:

[1]: <https://medium.com/@gilbertwat/how-to-make-agile-work-as-a-hk-based-
developer-pt-1-ebed8c7b1903>

[2]: <https://medium.com/@gilbertwat/how-to-make-agile-work-as-a-developer-
pt-2-801c127d69f0>

[3]: <https://hackernoon.com/why-your-programmers-just-want-to-
code-36da9973388e>

By [Gilbert Wat](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat) on [May 8,
2018](https://medium.com/p/b1e7f3fd07c1).

[Canonical link](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat/how-to-make-agile-work-as-a-
developer-pt-3-b1e7f3fd07c1)

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on April 18, 2024.

