# How to make agile work as a developer? (Pt. 1)

Today I came across a very thought provoking post about why scrum / agile
doesn’t work in most of the company in Taiwan[1]. In essence, the…

* * *

### How to make agile work as a developer? (Pt. 1)

Today I came across a very thought provoking post about why scrum / agile
doesn’t work in most of the company in Taiwan[1]. In essence, the author make
a point that as a senior developer of the team, beside of coding features and
improving infrastructure, he has to deal with many non-development duties such
as mentoring junior developers and attending business meetings as developer
representative. Doing these duties don’t count in the sprint and most of the
time he had to work overtime and make up for the misses. This triggers a lot
of comments, I am also in. I asked about how we should solve this problem and
the author replied with one of the post he had written some times later.[2]

The reply is highlighting the responsibilities of managers and business
owners. And this resonate with me too. I totally agree managers and business
owners, lets call them stakeholders, should respect developer’s priority that
supposed to be set by them or both before the sprint starts. As my role grows,
I am now responsible for both. As a team lead, I am responsible for both my
teammates and my platform. The health of both the team and the system are
crucial to me. In addition, I am responsible to communicate with business
owners and product managers about hitting product goals and maximizing
positive business impacts. So far I didn’t experience any hardship in doing
so. I got a few tricks that can share to fellow developers to overcome these
challenges. Let me start by some tactics and close with some mindset change I
have experienced.

**Print out your calendar and actual work done last week**  
Stakeholders have other priorities and not necessarily have the mental mana to
understand your situation if it is not clear enough. Print out your calendar
in the sprint planning, explicitly carve out time to do code review, mentoring
developers, interviewing, going to meet up to recruit, etc. This is a great
way to start the conversation, I just don’t believe any business owners are
willing to enslave his developers and get mediocre result from his investment
in IT / software development.

Times up, Late talk more tomorrow.

References:

[1]:
<https://www.facebook.com/groups/616369245163622/permalink/1310132509120622/>

[2]:
<https://www.facebook.com/groups/616369245163622/permalink/1310148939118979/>

By [Gilbert Wat](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat) on [May 6,
2018](https://medium.com/p/ebed8c7b1903).

[Canonical link](https://medium.com/@gilbertwat/how-to-make-agile-work-as-a-
hk-based-developer-pt-1-ebed8c7b1903)

Exported from [Medium](https://medium.com) on April 18, 2024.

