- [[How did my last week go?]]
    - [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
        - I can #exercise more than 100 push ups every day.
        - I can #[[sleep]] more than 7 hours a day.
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Nail down the narrative for [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]] on [[November 16th, 2023]]
            - [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Website Revamp 2023]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Set up Llama and GPTs in the local machine
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Renew Passports to get hold of an Off-shore account in OCBC Bank
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Nail the Tencent talk on [[November 16th, 2023]]
            - It is quite ok but I didn't get the chance to secure a few contact.
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Get a haircut on [[November 16th, 2023]] or [[November 17th, 2023]]
            - Postpone to [[November 21st, 2023]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship the Quotation to [[Andy Lai]] of [[Z27]]
- I can #exercise more than 100 push ups every day.
    - This is achievable. I have added back routine (Either pull up or face pull)
    - and I will add legs routine back
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  need to add a 160bpm to lower my anxiety level
    - 125 push ups per day now.
- I can #[[sleep]] more than 7 hours a day.
    - 2/7 days achieved, be more discipline this week!
- {{[[DONE]]}}  Get a haircut on [[November 16th, 2023]] or [[November 17th, 2023]]
- {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship the Quotation to [[Andy Lai]] of [[Z27]]
    - #Procastinate reason is I don't find it interesting? or I am out of energy already. Or I don't feel [[Andy Lai]] is a good founder?
    - Still procastinating
- [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
    - I can have dedicated time with #Wifey for 30 minutes every day.
        - Yes I do. 
    - I can #exercise for 20 minutes per day.
        - 5/7 of the day and catch up the next day. Great progress!
    - I can [[sleep]] for 7 hours per day.
        - 4/7 of the day.
            - Need to sleep before midnight to get a better result.
    - My [[nose allergy]] is mostly fixed.
        - Continuously improving but still a bit stuck from time to time.
        - Tumeric + Black Pepper + Lemon + Water seems to work gradually.
    - I can write 100 words per day.
        - 1/7 of the day only. Need to step up this week!
            - Too many articles to write and caught in an
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship a MVP for the front page of the [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]]
        - Quite focus on this task and
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Share about LM studios in a lunch and learn next week
        - Turned into a short videos
    - {{[[ARCHIVED]]}}  Articulate the challenge of using a nomad system instead of a full time instructor
        - Not in my domain and based on the [[[[[[Preface]] leadership team]] weekly meeting]] vibe I am dropping this self-assigned tasks.
    - {{[[ARCHIVED]]}}  Need to work on improving this
        - Very #frustrated because of the click rate of the EDM we sent is 16/2383 = 0.5%
        - Repurpose {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Preface]] School of Technology]] retargeting to a EDM campaign
        - Dropping this as there is a lot of pressure on [[Jennifer Ling]] side
            - Lead to even more #frustration from [[Jennifer Ling]] side too since she is overwhelmed with requests from [[Tommie Lo]]
                - May need to update the approach on such matters as the situation changes.
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Get a haircut on [[November 16th, 2023]] or [[November 17th, 2023]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship the Quotation to [[Andy Lai]] of [[Z27]]
        - Must get it done asap
    - Finish one #writings
        - {{[[query]]: {and: [[writings]] [[TODO]]}}}
            - There are too many options, need to choose one and publish.
