- Again the focus is to fix my nose #health through a better routine.
- [[Preface]] Weekly
    - [[[[Preface]] [[[[2023]] Q4]] [[OKR]]s]]
    - Finalized here https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TMTqwy8szQVWsS8l7q-ogcqo5ojuF01Ae3RzXoAywiU/edit#gid=223587119
    - Franchise: Synced with Viktor. Not much concerns on able to support the business scope as Portal is all encompassing.
        - Critical components are payment and scheduling we are already put a lot of efforts on polishing it and handle all edge cases.
        - Content library we are not putting a lot of effort to streamline the user experience.
        - Other stuff such as Contract signing, CRM, marketing and sales kit ...etc we can use third party solutions. Worst case we can use google drive for it.
    - Website: BAU
    - Learning Progress: [[Cheryl Lai]] and [[Kit Tang]] started working on it with [[Joseph Chan]]
    - CRM development driven by [[Ben Cheng]] is piloting on Helloween Leads and will use it for next Info Day.
    - Expanding "Primary Data" collection to our system, by [[Yoon Kim]]
        - Taking a look at our digital touch points such as Facebook Ad.
        - Focus on getting the head and the tail data collection
            - Facebook Ad -> Buying
            - Event -> Buying
    - Worth noting
        - [[Cheryl Lai]] and [[Jeffy Fung]] both commited 6 changes to our product. Personal Best for both!
        - [[Kit Tang]] is taking over the AI Coffee
        - Not many progress on the App I have shown you last week
            - Working on the onboarding, content creation and GTM
