- [[How did my last week go?]]
    - [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
        - #sleep on or before 12:30 for 7 hours per day
            - 4/14 My #health is not getting better
            - #[[nose allergy]] is getting better
        - #exercise everyday for 25 minutes
            - {{[[TODO]]}}  need to add a 160bpm to lower my anxiety level
            - 5/14
                - A lot of unstructured workout when bringing [[Theodore]] out
        - #meditate or [[Read [[Bible]]]] for 15 minutes per day
            - 2/14
                - Only on Sundays
        - #writings daily for 150 words
            - 3/14
                - There are too many choices of marketing channels. I need to double down on 1-2
                    - I #Fear the failure in front of all my classmates, friends and family if I start on Linkedin or IG/FB
                    - No one is reading my long stuff.
                        - A very sad lens on reality but this is how I feel.
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship Home page for [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Website Revamp 2023]] 
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Sharing of notes for [[[[books]]: CRM: The Foundation of Contemporary Marketing Strategy]] on [[December 8th, 2023]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Secure a Office365 co-pilot license on [[December 8th, 2023]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Need to figure out the content pillar first. on [[December 9th, 2023]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Kickstart [[[[project]]: Cantonese Corpus]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  GTM checklist for [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: [[Generative A.I.]] #Prototype]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Speed up the Azure OpenAI access application. {{[[TODO]]}}  Register Azure OpenAI access
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Build a local RAG demo which is layman ready
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Preface]] School of Technology]] retargeting
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Revoke autotransfer to Zurich [[Family [[finance]]]]
- [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
    - #sleep on or before 00:30 for 7 hours per day
    - #exercise with 160bpm for 10minutes per day.
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  need to add a 160bpm to lower my anxiety level
    - #meditate, #pray or [[Read [[Bible]]]] for 10 minutes per day
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  GTM checklist for [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: [[Generative A.I.]] #Prototype]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Speed up the Azure OpenAI access application. {{[[TODO]]}}  Register Azure OpenAI access
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Preface]] School of Technology]] retargeting
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Revoke autotransfer to Zurich [[Family [[finance]]]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Gilbert Wat]] [[project]]: Cantonese Resource]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Kickstart [[[[project]]: Cantonese Corpus]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  [[Content plan for [[writings]] in December]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Need to figure out the content pillar first.
            - Actually not much thinking into it.
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Also need to figure out what I am going to sell too.
    - [[2024 Goals and Routines]]
