- [[How did my last week go?]]
    - [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
        - #sleep on or before 12:30 for 7 hours per day
            - 0/7 utterly failed and affect [[nose allergy]]
        - #exercise everyday for 25 minutes
            - 5/7 quite good. Keep it up. Need a public commitment to push myself.
        - #meditate or [[Read [[Bible]]]] for 15 minutes per day
            - 2/7 quite insightful when reading is a deep one.
        - {{[[DONE]]}} Read through [[[[books]]: CRM: The Foundation of Contemporary Marketing Strategy]] and take notes and ship some notes daily
            - Read it through already. But sharing notes daily is a bit chur
                - {{[[TODO]]}}  Sharing of notes for [[[[books]]: CRM: The Foundation of Contemporary Marketing Strategy]] on [[December 8th, 2023]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Find a way to advance the Repurpose {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Preface]] School of Technology]] retargeting to a EDM campaign to start seeing results of 100 audience with 5% open rate.
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Secure a Office365 co-pilot license
            - {{[[DONE]]}}  Remember to praise [[Yannis Yuen]] for resolving the account stuff
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Build a local RAG demo which is layman ready
            - Too much on plate, delayed to [[December 11th, 2023]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  See how to make progress of [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Website Revamp 2023]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  [[writings]] [[McKinsey is wrong but business demands a measurement on developer productivity, what should be it?]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship the Quotation to [[Andy Lai]] of [[Z27]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Fire all expenses on [[December 1st, 2023]]
            - Delayed to [[December 7th, 2023]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  [[Content plan for [[writings]] in December]]
            - {{[[TODO]]}}  Need to figure out the content pillar first.
                - Actually not much thinking into it.
            - {{[[TODO]]}}  Also need to figure out what I am going to sell too.
        - #learnings
            - Too ambitious, need to scale down a bit
            - Always in a low focus and low energy mode throughout the week, need to boost the energy level back.
- [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
    - #sleep on or before 12:30 for 7 hours per day
        - 4/14 My #health is not getting better
        - #[[nose allergy]] is getting better
    - #exercise everyday for 25 minutes
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  need to add a 160bpm to lower my anxiety level
        - 5/14
            - A lot of unstructured workout when bringing [[Theodore]] out
    - #meditate or [[Read [[Bible]]]] for 15 minutes per day
        - 2/14
            - Only on Sundays
    - #writings daily for 150 words
        - 3/14
            - There are too many choices of marketing channels. I need to double down on 1-2
                - I #Fear the failure in front of all my classmates, friends and family if I start on Linkedin or IG/FB
                - No one is reading my long stuff.
                    - A very sad lens on reality but this is how I feel.
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship Home page for [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Website Revamp 2023]] 
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Sharing of notes for [[[[books]]: CRM: The Foundation of Contemporary Marketing Strategy]] on [[December 8th, 2023]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Secure a Office365 co-pilot license on [[December 8th, 2023]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Need to figure out the content pillar first. on [[December 9th, 2023]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}} Kickstart [[[[project]]: Cantonese Corpus]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  GTM checklist for [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: [[Generative A.I.]] #Prototype]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Speed up the Azure OpenAI access application. {{[[TODO]]}}  Register Azure OpenAI access
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Build a local RAG demo which is layman ready
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Preface]] School of Technology]] retargeting
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Revoke autotransfer to Zurich [[Family [[finance]]]]
