---
layout: post
title: MathJax is awesome and how to use it effectively
author: Gilbert Wat
category: "Small Tools"
tags: ["Javascript", "tools"]
---

Recently I need to joint notes during my machine learning beginner course offered by Andrew Ng. I would like to share them  in the following few weeks. So I shopped for some solutions for me to put a lot of mathematical equations, formatted beautifully, on HTML. I spent 5 minutes on searching, realizing the solution is right in front of me. I am taking the course from Coursera, and Coursera used MathJax as their solution. This solved my problem brilliantly as it is very comprehensive in displaying mathematical equation.

What is so brillant of MathJax? MathJax is able to display LATEX in HTML page, here is an example:

$$ J(\theta) =\frac{1}{2m}[\sum^m_{i=1}(h_\theta(x^{(i)}) - y^{(i)})2 + \lambda\sum^n_{j=1}\theta^2_j $$

All the LATEX code is as follows.

```
J(\theta) =\frac{1}{2m}
[\sum^m_{i=1}(h_\theta(x^{(i)}) - 
y^{(i)})2 + \lambda\sum^n_{j=1}\theta^2_j
```

MathJax also translate different usual mathematical notation markup languages into different web format. For example you could input MathML and MathJAX could output a SVG representation. A lot of good work is put into it.

### But I am not a tech person, I don't know much LATEX and stuff...

[Equation Editor](http://camdenre.github.io/src/app/html/EquationEditor) could help you. It is an visual editor for complex mathematical equation. Not only the result mathematical equation, you can see also the LATEX code too. Also LATEX is super usual if you always need to make complex document, consider learning it with [for free online](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX)

### I am sold, how to install it?

It is very easy. In the HTML scripts block, you first need to add MathJAX as one of your javascript code.

```html
<script type="text/javascript"
  async
  src="https://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js/MathJax.js?config=TeX-MML-AM_CHTML">
</script>
```

Bear in mind that there is different default config, you could check out the [config documentation](http://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/configuration.html#loading)

And inside the document, whether it is markdown or HTML, you could use delimiter to signal the start and end of the equations. The default delimiter is `$$`.
 
### So I want to learn / contribute more, How?
 
- [Documentation](http://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/index.html)
- [Github](https://github.com/mathjax/MathJax)
 

