- [[How did my last week go?]]
    - [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
        - I can have dedicated time with #Wifey for 30 minutes every day.
            - Yes I do. 
        - I can #exercise for 20 minutes per day.
            - 5/7 of the day and catch up the next day. Great progress!
        - I can [[sleep]] for 7 hours per day.
            - 4/7 of the day.
                - Need to sleep before midnight to get a better result.
        - My [[nose allergy]] is mostly fixed.
            - Continuously improving but still a bit stuck from time to time.
            - Tumeric + Black Pepper + Lemon + Water seems to work gradually.
        - I can write 100 words per day.
            - 1/7 of the day only. Need to step up this week!
                - Too many articles to write and caught in an
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship a MVP for the front page of the [[[[Preface]] [[product]]: website]]
            - Quite focus on this task and
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Share about LM studios in a lunch and learn next week
            - Turned into a short videos
        - {{[[ARCHIVED]]}}  Articulate the challenge of using a nomad system instead of a full time instructor
            - Not in my domain and based on the [[[[[[Preface]] leadership team]] weekly meeting]] vibe I am dropping this self-assigned tasks.
        - {{[[ARCHIVED]]}}  Need to work on improving this
            - Very #frustrated because of the click rate of the EDM we sent is 16/2383 = 0.5%
            - Repurpose {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Preface]] School of Technology]] retargeting to a EDM campaign
            - Dropping this as there is a lot of pressure on [[Jennifer Ling]] side
                - Lead to even more #frustration from [[Jennifer Ling]] side too since she is overwhelmed with requests from [[Tommie Lo]]
                    - May need to update the approach on such matters as the situation changes.
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Get a haircut on [[November 16th, 2023]] or [[November 17th, 2023]]
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship the Quotation to [[Andy Lai]] of [[Z27]]
            - Must get it done asap
        - Finish one #writings
            - {{[[query]]: {and: [[writings]] [[TODO]]}}}
                - There are too many options, need to choose one and publish.
- [[What does winning this week look like to me?]]
    - #sleep on or before 12:30 for 7 hours per day
        - 0/7 utterly failed and affect [[nose allergy]]
    - #exercise everyday for 25 minutes
        - 5/7 quite good. Keep it up. Need a public commitment to push myself.
    - #meditate or [[Read [[Bible]]]] for 15 minutes per day
        - 2/7 quite insightful when reading is a deep one.
    - {{[[DONE]]}} Read through [[[[books]]: CRM: The Foundation of Contemporary Marketing Strategy]] and take notes and ship some notes daily
        - Read it through already. But sharing notes daily is a bit chur
            - {{[[TODO]]}}  Sharing of notes for [[[[books]]: CRM: The Foundation of Contemporary Marketing Strategy]] on [[December 8th, 2023]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Find a way to advance the Repurpose {{[[TODO]]}}  [[[[Preface]] School of Technology]] retargeting to a EDM campaign to start seeing results of 100 audience with 5% open rate.
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Secure a Office365 co-pilot license
        - {{[[DONE]]}}  Remember to praise [[Yannis Yuen]] for resolving the account stuff
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  Build a local RAG demo which is layman ready
        - Too much on plate, delayed to [[December 11th, 2023]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  See how to make progress of [[[[Preface]] [[project]]: Website Revamp 2023]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  [[writings]] [[McKinsey is wrong but business demands a measurement on developer productivity, what should be it?]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Ship the Quotation to [[Andy Lai]] of [[Z27]]
    - {{[[DONE]]}}  Fire all expenses on [[December 1st, 2023]]
        - Delayed to [[December 7th, 2023]]
    - {{[[TODO]]}}  [[Content plan for [[writings]] in December]]
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Need to figure out the content pillar first.
            - Actually not much thinking into it.
        - {{[[TODO]]}}  Also need to figure out what I am going to sell too.
    - #learnings
        - Too ambitious, need to scale down a bit
        - Always in a low focus and low energy mode throughout the week, need to boost the energy level back.
